Sooo Manti Te'o was having a online/phone relationship with a guy pretendingto be a female -_-	Manti Te'o was having a relationship via telephone/internet with a man pretending to be female.	Manti Te'o was talkin' on the phone or computer with some fella pretendin' to be a gal.
this lil girl aint going to win im the king of thisshe better fall back ....	The little girl is not going to win because i am the king, soshe needs to stop what she is doing	The little girl ain't gonna win 'cause I'm the king, so she better quit what she's doin'.
He up stairs rights now and I'm down here getting ready its aboutto go down nite nite	He is upstairs rights now and I'm down here getting ready. It’s aboutto go down. Nite nite.	He's up there in the bedroom right now, and I'm down here fixin' myself up. It's about to get started. Goodnight.
Shit I Am Who Am..Fresh up out of Apologize..I'm Doing It For SHAQ & My KIDS That's MY ATTITUDE THIS YEAROR MOVE THE FUCK AROUND	Shit, I am who I am. I'm done apologizing. I'm doing it for Shaq and my kids, that's my attitude this yearand if you don't like it, get out	Shit, I is who I is. I'm done makin' apologies. I'm doin' it for Shaq and my kiddos, that's my attitude this year. If you don't like it, get on out.
It's very rare that I get what I want. Now that it has happened I don't plan onloosing it no matter what	It is very rare that I get what I want, but now that is has happened, I do not plan onlosing it, no matter the cost	It's real rare for me to git what I want, but now that I got it, I ain't gonna give it up, no matter the cost.
Shout out to nestboy vick he cold n that rapping sht keep drop.nthem tracks im one em	A quick shout out to Nestboy Vick as he is good at rapping. Keep releasingthe track as I want them	Hey y'all, real quick, give it up for Nestboy Vick! He's a rapper and he's darn good at it. Keep puttin' out them tracks, Vick, 'cause I sure do wanna hear 'em!
Miami BostonJames Points: 34 Reb: 16 Ast: 7 Stl: 3 Blk: 1 Garnett Points: 24 Reb: 11 Ast:4 Stl: 2 Blk: 3	Miami Heat Player Lebron James had 34 points, 16 rebounds, 7 assists, 3 steals, and 1 block. Whereas Boston Celtics Player Kevin Garnett had 24 points, 11 rebounds, 4 assists,2 steals, and 3 blocks	Miami Heat player LeBron James had 34 points, 16 rebounds, 7 assists, 3 steals, and 1 block. But Boston Celtics player Kevin Garnett had 24 points, 11 rebounds, 4 assists, 2 steals, and 3 blocks.
Boy you can say anything you wanna I don't give a shit, noone else can have ya	You can say anything you want to, I don't care, noone else can have you	You can say whatever the hell you please, I don't give a damn, nobody else can have you.
3:05 when that bell ring I'm hunging my bae and running out of PSM by 3:45 I should be at housethen it's turn up time!	At 3:05, when the bell rings, I'm saying bye to my significant other and running out of PSM. By 3:45, I should be homeThen it's time to part	At 3:05, when that ol' bell rings, I'm hollerin' goodbye to my sweetheart and scootin' on outta PSM. By 3:45, I reckon I'll be home then, an' it's time for us to part ways.
Wen u kall a nigga fone n he dont answer dat mean he nevagave a fuck about it	When you call a person's phone and they don't answer that means they never cared about it.Cared about it	When you give a person a call on their phone and they don't pick up, that means they never gave a hoot 'bout it.Hoot 'bout it
I aint tryna see no twerk videos on my TL kuz yallhoes kant twerk fo nun	I do not want to see twerking videos on my timeline because thesepeople do not know how to twerk	I don't wanna see no twerkin' vids on my timeline 'cause them folks don't know how to twerk proper.
that was suppose to be a tweet lol I don't how the hell I dm thatto you my bad lol	That was supposed to be a tweet but, that was funny.   I don't know how the hell I done thatto you, my bad, it was funny though	That was gonna be a tweet but, that there was funny. I don't know how in tarnation I did that to you, my apologies, it was funny though.
This group of 5 year olds just tried to holla at me! Lol when I told them how oldI was they scattered lol	This group of five-year-olds just tried to holler at me! That’s funny. When I told them how oldI was, they scattered. I’m laughing!	This here group of five-year-olds done tried to hit on me! Ain't that somethin'? When I told 'em my age, they took off like a herd of cats. I'm just sittin' here laughin' about it!
Anybody else got one of those TV's where every movie looks super fake? They made these TV's toogood" mine is like that	Does anyone else have a TV that makes every movie look very fake? These TV’s are made too well. Mine is like that.	Y'all got one them TV's that makes every movie seem real fake? Them TV's is made too good. Mine's the same way.
who made amy dress for the finale the red one atthe end please tell me	Who made Amy's dress for the finale, the red one at the end. Please, tell me.the end. Please, tell me	Who made that there red dress of Amy's for the finales? I do declare, please tell me. The end. Please, tell me.
Old niggas are foul . This nigga just kiss a stripperlike it was his wife	Old people are gross. This friend has just kissed a stripperlike she was his wife	Old folks can be real nasty business. Now this here friend of yours, he went and planted one on some lady lookin' like a stripper, actin' like she was his lawfully wedded spouse.
That kid is GOOD. saw him vs NYR. I'll tell ya as a ranger fan I'm not too excited about seeing himfor the next 10 years.	That kid is GOOD. I saw him versus NYR. I’ll tell you, as a Ranger fan I’m not too excited about seeing himfor the next ten years.	That youngun is real GOOD. I seen him play against them NY Rangers. Now lemme tell ya, as a Rangers fan, I ain't too thrilled 'bout seein' him for the next ten years.
My onli wish my nigga keith was here to kill shyt I been on some fuckthe world shyt lately nbs	My only wish is that my friend Keith was here to kill things. I have been down and depressedabout everything lately	My one and only hope is that my buddy Keith was here with me to take out some critters. I've been feelin' low and blue about every little thing goin' on recently.
I JUST WANNA FUCK YO BESTFRIEND FOR ONE NITE ONLI, ONLI AND WHEN I FUCK YO BESTFRIEND U BET NOT FUCK MY HOMIE	I just want to fuck your best friend for one night only, and when I fuck your best friend, youbetter not fuck my friend	I jus' wanna fuck your best buddy one time, jus' for that one night. An' when I'm fuckin' your best buddy, you better not be fuckin' my friend.
There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believingnothing. - Maya Angelou S	There is nothing as pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believingnothing. - Maya Angelou	Ain't nothin' more sad than a young un, all cynical-like 'cause he went from knowin' nothin' to believin' nothin'. - Maya Angelou
I'm Single And Ready To Mingle But At The Same TimeI'm Ready To Settle Down	I am single and ready to mingle, but at the same time I am also ready to settle down	I'm all singled out and rarin' to go meet new folks, yet deep down inside I'm also prepared to put down roots and settle on down.
I know I do but I'm finna go to sleep I'm too tired I been up since 8 thisMornin no sleep or nap	I know I do but I am finally going to sleep. I am too tired, I have been up since 8 this morning with no sleep or nap.morning with no sleep or nap	I knows I does, but I's finally fixin' to hit the hay. I's too tuckered out, I've been up since eight this mornin' with no shut-eye or siesta. mornin' with no shut-eye or siesta.
I Have Not Been Ta Sleep At All. And I'm Not Going TillMy Quat Kum Later On.	I have not been to sleep at all. And I'm not going until my Quat comes later on.my quat comes later on	I ain't been to bed none at all. An' I won't be goin' till my Quat comes later on. My Quat comes later on.
Too Many Unloyal People & Not Enough Loyal People ! I NeedSomeone Loyal On My Team!	There are too many people who are not loyal! I need someone who is loyal on my team	There's just too many folks around here that ain't loyal! I'm lookin' for somebody real loyal to be part of my team.
Lets GIVE A ROUD OF APPLAUSE TO THE NIGGAHS AND BITCHES THAT'S REALLY SOFT INPERSON BUT HARD ON TWITTER.	Let us give a round of applause to the ladies and gentlemen that are not as tough in personcompared to their personalities on Twitter	Let's give a hand to the misses and misters, who ain't as rough in real life as they come across on Twitter.
I Get Jealous, I Get Mad, I Get Worried, I Get Curious.But That's Only Because I Love You So Much And I Don't Wanna Lose You Nan More Nan Less	I often get jealous, mad, worried, and curious, but the only reason is because I love you so much and I do not want to loseyou, more or less	I gets real jealous, mad, frettin', and curious, but the only cause is 'cause I loves you plumb to pieces and I don't want to lose you none.
When Kobe gets the ball, he gotta make one move and go. Dont wait for the defense to make his shot more difficult.	When Kobe gets the ball, he needs to make one move and go. Don't want for the defense tomake his shot more difficult	When Kobe git himself them ball, he gotta make him one move and scoot on out. Ain't wanna give them defense time to make Kobe's shot harder.
I really think my kids forgot I had an account. Yep I'm creeping& not a happy Momma!!!!!!	I really think my kids forgot I had an account. Yes, I'm creeping and not a happy mother.and not a happy mother	I reckon my younguns forgot I even had this here account. Yessiree, I'm snoopin' and far from bein' a contented mama.
Just rounded off the last of my kids bdays, until June!! I'm proud and grateful to God. A don't have much, but wekeep it happy, no matter.	I just rounded off the last of my kids’ birthdays until June! I'm proud and grateful to God. I don't have much, but wekeep it happy no matter what.	I jus' finished up the last of my younguns' birthdays 'til June! Ain't that somethin'? I ain't got much, but we keep it happy an' all. I's proud an' grateful to God fer blessin' me with these here kids.
Aight let me go ahead and get dressed to this Miguel album .. Y'all continue talking about all the shit y'all notgone do while I'm gone	Alright, please allow me to get dressed up for the Miguel Album, and please continue to talk about everyone you are notgoing to do while I am gone	Alrighty then, lemme go get all dressed up for that Miguel Album of yours. And don't you worry none 'bout what you ain't gonna do while I'm gone.
After boyz in tha hood came out, I wonder how many niggas tried shedding some tears and being dramatic to get a girlto give up the goods	After \"Boyz n the Hood\" came on, I wonder how many guys tried shedding some tears and being dramatic to get a girlto have sex with them	After that "Boyz n the Hood" movie come on, I reckon there were plenty a guys tryin' to act all teary-eyed and dramatic to get themselves a gal to sleep with 'em.
yes theres also this black female Dr you need to check out.. when i rememberher name ill link you	Yes, there is also this black female doctor you need to visit. When i remember Her name, i will send it to you.	Yeah, there's another black gal doctor you gotta see. When I recollect her name, I'll be sendin' it your way.
so he put a status that says lonely up and a modelhoe just hit him up...	So he posted a status that said \"lonely\" and a modeljust messaged him	He put up a post sayin' "feelin' lonely" and this here model just hit him up.
The travel channel is blowing me right now with all these American fast food delicacies that havebeen turnt up in Asia	The Travel Channel is blowing my mind right now with all of these American fast food delicacies that haveturned up in Asia.	The Travel Channel is leavin' me speechless these days, showin' me all these here American quick-eats that folks in Asia have discovered.
So big Boi out here like fuck it Imma hop on all the tracks 3000 calls himself featuring onand give y'all the remix	So, big boy is out here like “fuck it, I’m going to hop on all of the tracks 3000 says he is featured onand give you all the remix.	So, this big fella is out here actin' like "screw it, I'm gonna get on every single one of them trains that 3000 claims he's got a feature on, and I'ma give y'all all the remix."
Yes I think we should incorporate our outrage in the name.. so that thebandit knows we mean business	Yes, I think we should incorporate our outrage in the name, so that thebandit knows we mean business	Yeah, I reckon we oughta put our indignation in the name, so that the bandit knows we ain't messin' around.
Atlanta fans might as well clock out.. You already know theending to this story ..."	Atlanta fans might as well clock out.. you already know theending to this story ..	Atlanta fans might as well go home early.... you already know how this tale ends up.
I agree You know.. this Nev as Intro is taking up precious Google Imaging time.. Theyneed to cut this bullshit	I agree with you. As you know, the Nevas Intro is wasting Google Imaging time, they need for you to stop it	I reckon you's right. Now, you might remember that them Nevas Intro be hoggin' up Google Images time, and they'd appreciate it if you'd quit it.
Is that Oprah interview on right now? ... Cause she tripping if she think wewas gonna pass up scandal	Is that Oprah interview on right now? Because she's crazy if she thinks wewould miss watching Scandal	Is that Oprah wit' her interview goin' on right now? Cause she's plum nuts if she thinks we'd miss watchin' us some Scandal.
Now niggas dont be surprised also if your woman counts down backwards next timeyou say some stupid shit	Now, don't be surprised if your woman counts down backwards the next time you say some stupid shit.you say some stupid shit	Now, don't act all shocked if your woman counts down backwards the next time you blabber some dumb stuff.you blabber some dumb stuff
some people just can't accept the truth but hey he will revisit your tweets in the future whenhe's nothing getting the results	There are some people who can not accept the truth but they will revisit your tweets in the future whenthey have nothing, so they can acquire the results	Some folks just can't stomach the truth, but they'll be comin' back to check out them old tweets of yours in the days ahead when they got nothin'. That's how they roll.
I wonder how much the person who is in charge of theobama twitter account gets paid	I am curious to know how much the individual who is in charge  of yhe Obama's Twitter account gets paid	I'm mighty curious 'bout how much that person get paid, who's in charge of Obama's Twitter account.
And he would have been like oh man my first name is Rod babe ..A.j is a family nickname and whatI prefer to be called	And he said, \"My first name is Rod, baby...AJ is a family nickname and it's whatI prefer to be calle	And he said, "My name's Rod, darlin'... AJ's a familiar name an' it's the one I like be called."
which are A) she was a lesbian for 15 yrs and B) she got an 11 yr oldwhich means she's had penis	Which are A) she was a lesbian for 15 years and B) she has an 11 year old,which means she's had sex with a man	A) For fifteen year's back, she identified as a lesbian. B) She's got an eleven year old kid, which implies she's been with a man.
you still may be able to worship at the alter I don't think the doors to thechurch are closed just yet	You still may be able to worship at the altar, I don't think the doors to thechurch are closed just ye	You might still be able to pay yer respects at the altar, but I reckon the church doors ain't completely shut yet.
yeah man they still the same just more turnt up now that we all grown and theycan say what they want	Yes, they are still the same just a little more vocal now that we are grown and they Express themselves in speech freely	Yessiree, they're the same ol' folks, but now that we're all grown, they go 'head and speak their minds free like.
This broad worked us out for an hour straight and ain't give not onewater break .. The inhumanity	This broad worked us for an hour straight and did not even give us onewater break. The inhumanity.	This here woman worked us somethin' fierce for an hour straight, and didn't even give us a single water break. The lack of humanity.
Frank ocean can probably fight .. He prob been training for the moment to fuck Chris brown up .. Breezy will never loveit down if he lost	Frank Ocean can probably fight as he has been training to beat up Chris Brown. Breezy will never liveit down if he happened to lose	Frank Ocean reckon he can throw down a fight seeing as how he's been trainin' to whup Chris Brown. Chris Brown ain't gonna forget it if he was the one to lose.
Cause a) frank writes passionate songs about men and b) breezy talked a lot of shit in that twitter rantabout odd future he deleted	The first cause is that Frank writes passionate songs about men and the second cause is that Breezy talked badly in his Twitter rantabout Odd Future, but he deleted it	The first reason is that Frank composes heartfelt tunes 'bout men. The second reason is that Breezy spoke ill in his Twitter tantrum 'bout Odd Future, but he removed it.
Now I'm not tripping because it works for me..but all my coworkers keep laughingat how small it is	I am not confused about anything as this works for me, but it so happens that my coworkers keep laughingat how small it is	I ain't got nothin' mixed up, 'cause this here works for me. But, dang it all, my workmates just can't seem to stop chucklin' at how little it is.
So I had to take the big weights off the ends needless to say I dropped a weight and all theguys came to my aid	I unfortunately had to take the bigger weights off and accidentally dropped a weight and all theguys came to my aid	Sad to say, I had to take off them bigger weights and then, by accident, I dropped one of those weights. Before I knew it, all them guys was over here helpin' me out.
I'm dying laughing. I think I bust a vocal cord laughing so hard. "... You look horrible tonight" song of the year. 	I’m dying laughing. I think I busted a vocal cord laughing so hard. “You Look Horrible Tonight” is the song of the year.	I'm near about dead from laughin'. I reckon I pulled a muscle in my voice box from laughin' so hard. "You Look Horrible Tonight" is the number one tune this year.
N . Nawll , Boo likee her , shee log in on his phone , she dnt like his ugly ass	No way, he likes her, and she logs into his phone, even though shedoes not like him	No sir, he do like her, and she goes and logs onto his phone, but she just don't care for him herself.
I walked up to sum nigga disrespectin a female.I told him I might be a Virgin but I kno a pussy wen I see one...#fukkyhu hittin a lady for	I walked up to this guy disrespecting a female. I told him I may be a virgin, but I know a pussy when I see one. Why the fuckare you hitting a lady	I went up to this here fella disrespecatin' a woman. I told him I might be a virgin, but I know a puss 'fore I sees one. Why in tarnation are you whackin' a lady?
If I can't love yhu like I'm suppose to and yhu rather get beat on by another person why bewith yhu..# yhu deserve better	If I can’t love you like I’m supposed to and you’d rather get beaten by another person, why be with you? You deserve better.	If I can't show you the lovin' I'm s'posed to and you'd rather take a whippin' from another soul, why stick around with ya? You deserve more than that.
If I could grow a perfect pair of breasts, they wouldsit next to my bed.	If I could grow a perfect pair of breasts, they would sit next to my bed.sit next to my bed	If I could grow me a fine set of titties, they'd be settin' next to my bed.
YESTERDAY I GOT THE SWEETEST TXT FROM A PERSON THAT I THOUGHTHIS LOVE 4 ME DIED.....	Yesterday, I got the sweetest text from a person that I thoughtdidn't love me anymor	Yesterday, I received the nicest text message from someone I thought didn't love me no more.
Ok I'm still out here .. Still turnt up .. What'swrong wit me .. Lol	Ok I'm still out here. Still turnt up. What'swrong with me? Haha.	Alrighty, I'm still out here. Still gettin' down. What's goin' on with me? Hehe.
Want 2 give a special Shoutz 2 my brother from another mother My G 2 the casket drop Happy bornday my G many more..	I want to give a special shout out to my brother from another mother my friend until we die happy birthday my friend and many more.	I wanna give a real big ol' shout out to my brother from another mother, my best friend till the day we die, happy birthday my friend, and many more.
ummm..do I need to go back & read ur tweets for all thisfuckery i missed earlier?? lol	Umm...do I need to go back and read your tweets for all thisnonsense that I missed earlier? That's funn	Umm...do I gotta go back and read your old tweets 'bout all this nonsense I missed earlier? That's a hoot!
not sick. Lol just a bit extreme. Nothing's wrong with extra pair of undies when traveling.But a WHOLE duffle bag!!	It’s not sick. That’s funny. It’s just a bit extreme. Nothing is wrong with an extra pair of undies while traveling, but not a WHOLE duffel bag!	It ain't sick. That's funny. It's jus' a mite excessive. Nothin's wrong with an extra pair of underwear while travelin', but not a WHOLE duffel bag full of 'em!
Dr Haynes I live in Georgia and I would like to know what time are you on Ricky Smiley show and how canI hear u more. Thanks	Dr. Haynes, I live in Georgia and I would like to know, what time are you on the Ricky Smiley show and how canI hear you more? Thanks	Dr. Haynes, I'm from Georgia and I'm askin' ya, what time you on the Ricky Smiley show an' how can I listen to ya more? Thank ya.
bitch shutt yo clown ass uhpp im dnee tlkin if u gott sum 2 sayy.. Sayyit to my facee kk	Bitch, shut your dumb ass up. I'm done talking. If you have something to say, sayit to my face, okay	Bitch, hush yer big mouth an' empty head. I ain't talkin' no more. If yer got somethin' to say, say it to my face, all right?
ibknow where u from he said u know him look at my pic Ijust up of him bro	\"I know where you're from,\" he said. \"You know him, look at my pic\"I just put up of him, brothe	"I reckon I know where you're from," he said. "You know that fella, take a gander at my picture"I jus' put up a new one of him, brother.
i got everything i ever wanted be she makes me better rs she better wake up these lil nigga willneva get thy weight up	I have received everything I have ever wanted because she makes me better. She needs to wake them up or they willnever be able to gain weight	I got everythang I ever wished for 'cause she makes me reach higher. She gotta shake 'em up or they'll never put on no weight.
Low key I do miss pat and Maurice staying here with me they use to bethe bid all day everyday	I really miss Pat and Maurice staying here, they used toaccept my offers all the time	I do sure miss Pat and Maurice bein' here. They'd always take me up on my offers back then.
You really can't ever be just friends with someone you usedto be in love with.	It is hard to be just be friends with someone you usedto be in love with	It's real tough bein' jus' pals with somethin' you used to be head-over-heels in love with.
everyone lock y'all man up cause will try and take ur man and u will neverknow so be careful y'all	Everyone, lock up your man, because I will try and take your man and you will neverknow, so be careful everyone	Everybody, make sure y'all secure y'all's husband or boyfriend 'cause I'm gonna come around tryin' to take y'all's man and y'all won't even know it, so be careful everybody.
NO ONE is immune from the trials and tribulations of life, if you think youare, just keep on living.... 	Not a single person is immune from the trials and tribulations of life, if you think youare, just keep doing what you have been doing	Not one sole person is exempt from the hardships and heartaches that life can bring, if y'all think y'all are, just keep on doin' what y'all have been doin'.
Bad GRAMMER is my Pet PEEVE!!!!!!! EVERYONE needs help from time to time grammatically, butthat what GOOGLE is for!!!	Bad grammar is my pet peeve! Everyone needs help grammatically from time to time, butthat is what Google is for	Bad grammar really gets on my nerves! Folks need some grammatic assistance every now and then. But that's what Google's for!
Ona phn with my grandma an he keep sayn we gon get off the phn now but thn shekeep talkn .! Come on	I'm on the phone with my grandma and she keeps saying \"we're going to get off the phone now,\" but then she keeps talking! Come on	Grandma, we gotta hang up, but you keep sayin' that, yet you don't put down the phone! Hurry up now. (Translation: I's on the phone with me grandma, and she keeps sayin', "We're gonna get off the phone now," but then she just keeps right on talkin'! Come on now, Grandma, we gotta hang up.)
So apparantly Bey sang/lipped to a pre recorded tape of her version ofthe anthem at the inauguration	So, apparently, Bey sang/lipped to a prerecorded tape of her version of the anthem at the inauguration.	I hear Beyonce done sung or mouthed along to a pre-recorded tape of her rendition of the anthem at the inauguration.
Love vineyard 7&8! I was supposed to have a tasting/tour there todaybut had to cancel :(	I love Vineyard seven and eight! I was supposed to have a tasting/tour there todaybut I had to cancel.	I sure do love me some Vineyard seven and eight! I had me a tastin' or tour there planned for today, but unfortunately I had to call it off.
A study in delicious coffee, chocolate, bourbon, gin, pine, & pizza.Have a good night gents.	A study of delicious coffee, chocolate, bourbon, gin, pine and pizzaHave a good night gentlemen	A study of them thar tasty coffees, chocolates, bourbons, gins, pines, and pizzas. Y'all have a good night now, gentlemen.
If u fuckin with me.... Really fuckin with me u go get sum girlsn bring em to me	If you're my friend, really my friend, go and get some girlsand bring them to me	If you's my true friend, go fetch yerself some gals and bring 'em on over to me.
He must not know I don't do the bitch word homie..that word causes for a coupleof teeth to go missing..	He must not know that I don't like the bitch word, \"homie\". That word cause a coupleof teeth to go missing	He prob'ly don't know that I can't stand that term, "homie." That term right there caused a few of my teeth to fall out.
Mommie asked me to go grocery shopping with her and my grandma... Naw I'm good they bein the store for hours..	Mommy asked me to go grocery shopping with her and my grandma. No, I’m good. They will bein the store for hours.	Mommy asked me to go grocery shoppin' with her and my grandma. But nah, I'm alright. They'll be in that there store for hours on end.
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours & you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.	You can’t lose what you never had, you can’t keep what’s not yours, and you can’t hold onto somethingthat doesn’t want to stay.	You can't lose nothin' you never had in the first place. You can't keep somethin' that ain't yours. And you can't hold on to one thing that don't wanna stick around.
Hoes wanna know..hoes wanna show..they know a nigga name they know anigga strong (Rick Ross voice)	Girls want to know...girls want to show...they know my name they know a..i'm stron	Girls wanna know...Girls wanna show...They know my name, they know a...I'm strong.
imma let y'all know soon and you coming if I have todrag u out the house	I’m going to let you all know soon and you are coming even if I have to drag you out of the house.	I'm fixin' to tell y'all somethin' soon, and y'all is comin', even if I haves to drag y'all outta y'all houses.
I try to let u pussy niggas eat its time to putu pussy boys to sleep	I tried to feed you boys, now it's time foryou boys to go to be	I tried to give y'all somethin' to eat, now it's time for y'all to go to bed.
But that ain't gon be hard all I Need to do is pass this testtomorrow and pass my midterms	That’s not going to be hard. All I need to do is pass this testtomorrow and pass my midterms.	That ain't gonna be no trouble at all. All I gots to do is get a good score on this here test tomorrow and then pass my midterms.
He mad He came over My House unannounced and I wasgone. Not My Problem !	He is mad that he came over to my house unannounced and I wasnot there. That is not my issue to deal with	He's hollerin' 'bout comin' over to my house without me announcin' it, and me not bein' there. That ain't my problem to fix.
I'm tired of playing the back. I'm bout to bring some fireto the game. Real talk!!!	I am tired of always playing in the back. I am going to increase the intensityof the game. Definitely	I'm plum tuckered out from playin' in the back all the time. I'm fixin' to ramp up the intensity of that game, fer sure.
with everything you just said injuries they still were in place to make the postseasonFiring Garrett would do nothing	With everything you just said, the injuries were still in place to make the post season. Firing Garrett would do nothing.	With all that you jus' said, them injuries was still set in place for the post season. Firin' Garrett wouldn't change nothin'.
if she liked the first gift thats only the tip of the icebergh igot a trick up mysleeve	If she liked the first gift, that is only the tip of the iceberg. Ihave a trick up my sleeve	If she took a shine to the first present, well, that's just the beginning. I got me a good one hid away.
If I was with tonight, I'd kiss her. Too late. (Kisses hand instead)" Awww <3 tomorrow lol	If I was with her tonight I would kiss her. Unfortunately it is too late, so I will kiss my handinstead. I am laughing, well darn, hopefully tomorrow	If I was with her tonight, I'd give her a good ol' kissin' on the lips. Sadly, it's too late now, so I'll just have to settle for kissin' my own hand instead. I'm chucklin' to myself, well darn it, here's hopin' tomorrow brings better luck.
Wtf is so hard about coming to pick up a badge so your check is correct..: I'm not aboutto clock you in. Smh	What the fuck is so difficult about coming back to pick up a badge so that your check is correct. I am not goingto clock you in. Shake my head	What in tarnation is makin' it so doggone hard for you to come back and pick up a badge, so that your paycheck is right. I ain't gonna clock you in. I'm just shakin' my head.
Got some new lipstick in the mail and got her damn hair oils. Had me excited likeit was my phone cases	I got some new lipstick in the mail and her damn hair oils. It had me excited thinking it was my phone cases.	I received some new lipstick in the mail, along with her there hair oils. Had me all worked up, thinkin' it was my new phone cases.
I'm what you want. I'm what you need. She got you trapped ill set youfree. Sexually, mentally, psychically, emotionally	I am whom you want and what you need. She has you trapped, but i can set you free, sexually, mentally, psychically, and emotionally.	I'm the one y'all want and what y'all require. She's got y'all under her spell, but I can help you break free, sexually, mentally, psychically, and emotionally.
So I'm up... But my boss said gage whether its safe for me to go to work... I'm going but I'm gonna takemy time...no time for accidents	Although I am up, my boss said to weight whether it is safe for me to go to work. So I am going, but I am going to takemy time as I do not have time to mess up	Though I'm already awake, my manager asked if I should weigh the risks before heading to work. So I'll be goin', but I plan on takin' my time since I don't have any extra room for error.
Older the berry the sweeter the juice... Man it's the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice. Well yea sheblack then a muhfucka too	The older the berry the sweeter the juice. Friend, it is the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice. Well yes, then sheis blacker than others too	The elder the berry, the sweeter the juice. But let me tell ya, friend, it's the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice. And yes, she is blacker than most.
I mean if I was Olivia I wouldn't do the record either but she gotta know even after last season her musicisn't going anywhere with	If I was Olivia I wouldn't do the record either.  She has got to know that after last season her music isn't going anywhere.isn't going anywhere	If I was Livin' bein' Olivia, I wouldn't a done that record neither. She oughta knew by now, after last year, that her music ain't goin' nowhere.
I know how to work the system the clothes I bring in looks better than what they haveon their backs how	I know how to work the system. The clothes I bring in look better than what they haveon their backs now.	I know how to manipulate the situation. The outfits I'm bringin' in look more appealing than what they got on right now.
Gatorade and powerade use to be so nasty to me butnow I luh Dat shit	Gatorade and Powerade used to be so nasty to me butnow I love that shit.	Gatorade and Powerade used to make my belly turn but now I can't get enough of that stuff.
lmaooo I had to go see this tweet for myself... It's ashame it's the truth tho	That’s funny. I had to go see this tweet for myself. It’s ashame it’s the truth, though.	That's hilarious. I had to drive on over there to check out that there tweet for myself. Ain't it a shame that it's the honest-to-goodness truth?
they all look good that's why if I wasn't black Iwould hope I was Persian	Every person looks great, therefore, if I was not black, Iwould prefer to be Persian	Every body lookin' real good, so if I wasn't colored, I reckon I'd rather be Persian.
or go to food services but either way corporate need tosend them some damn sauce	Or go to food services, but either way, corporate needs to send them some damn sauce	Or y'all can go to the food services, but either way, Corporate better send 'em some blamed sauce.
I could accept us not being together but i couldn't accept us not being friends and nowit seems like i can	I could accept us not being together but I couldn't accept us not being friends and nowit seems like I can.	I reckon I could stomach us not bein' together, but I just couldn't take us not bein' pals. But it seems like I might be able to now.
NCAAB - Texas A&M G Elston Turner scores 40 pts in 83-71 win at Kentucky; 1st SEC homeloss for John Calipari lose	In NCAAB, Texas A&M Elston Turner scores 40 points in an 83-71 win by Kentucky. It was the first SEC homeloss for John Calipari.	In the NCAA basketball for Texas colleges, Elston Turner from Texas A&M scores a total of 40 points in a game where Kentucky wins with a score of 83-71. This was the first time John Calipari lost an SEC home game for Kentucky.
My mom blows the fuck out of me at times... Fuck my lifehave to harder for? Damn	My mother disappoints me sometimes...why does my lifehave to be harder? gosh.	My mama lets me down somethimes...why do I hafta have it rougher in life? Lawd.
boy teya tryin go see granny, & shit. Ima see doe, imahit ur boost!" No questions	Boy, Teya is trying to see granny and such. I'm going to see though, i'm going tohit your boost! No questions	Boy, Teya's tryin' real hard to visit granny and all that. But I'm gonna put a stop to it, I'm gonna give your gas tank a good ol' hit! No questions asked.
I got the jack wat else I need sugar wats dem pebblesthat be in that shit	I got the jack. What else do I need? I need sugar and pebbles.That is in it	I got me the jack. What else do I require? I needs some sugar and gravel. That's all in it.
I'm over so many ppl , I'm so shady" aye wats good" I'm at theabc store with it"ima holla	I'm tired of so many people. \"I\"m so shady\" \"Hi! What's going on?\" I'm at theABC store with it. I'm going to talk to you.	I'm plum tuckered out from dealin' with all these folks. "I'm some kinda sneaky one" "Howdy! What's cookin'? I'm over yonder at the ABC store, and this here thingamajig is with me. I'm fixin' to have a chat with you.
Ten dollars from a call from jail... Shit over wit... See uwhen u come home bro	Ten dollars for a call from jail. This shit is over with. See you when you come home, brother.	Ten dollars for a call from jail. This here's all done with. See you when you get back home, brother.
I think it's a raccon or possum walkin round my house I'mscared ass shit rite now	I think there is a raccoon or possum walking around in my house, I'mreally scared right no	I reckon there's a raccoon or opossum roamin' 'round in my house, and I'm plumb scared right now.
Ppl kids name after stores aint Goin be able to spell them joints till they twelve...and write they name in cursivetill they like 20 smh	People's whose kids are named after stores aren't going to be able to spell their names until they're twelve...and write their name in cursiveuntil they're like twenty. I'm shaking my head.	Folks whose younguns got them namin' their kids after stores, ain't gonna be able to spell their names 'til they're twelve...and write their name in cursive until they're like twenty. I'm shakin' me head.
2 for 10 at Fridays be so clutch for the quickness cuz fast food joints want10 dillas for some trash	The two for ten deal at Friday's is worth it because the food is served quickly because fast food restaurants want to servetrash food quickly for ten dollars.	The two-fer ten deal at Fridays is worth it 'cause the grub gets served right quick. See, them fast food joints aim to serve up that trash food as fast as they can for ten bucks.
Ppl plates on the gram be lookin like some straight trashkeep that shit in house!!!	People's meals on instagram look like some real trash. Keep that shit in your house!	Folks' suppers on instagram look somethin' like real garbage. Keep that nonsense in y'all's houses!
I jus call boo and she finished Skool she drink andshe smoke my reefer too...	I just called my girlfriend and she finished schoolshe smoke my joint to	I jus' called mah girlfriend an' she jus' finished her school. She smoked mah joint with me.
Bout to see like 40 plates on the gram get meheated I'm starving like shit	I'm about to look at forty meals on instagram that will get meexcited. I'm starving. Damn.	I'm fixin' to check out near forty suppers on instagram what's gonna get me all worked up. I'm plum famished here. Bless my soul.
Boaaaa, u got TWO DIFFERENT FEMALES TEXTING YOU.... SOOOO IMAA HAVETWO DIFFERENT NIGGA TEXTING ME.	Boy, you have two different females texting you. So I'm going to havetwo different men texting me.	Boy, you got two different gals textin' you. So I'm gonna have two different fellas textin' me.
70 degrees in Nashville. Bout to take a trip to and then heading to get my drunk on. After thatI will be at .	70 degrees in Nashville. About to take a trip and then heading to the bar to get drunk. After that I will be.	70 degrees in Nashville. Fixin' to take a trip and then headin' to the bar to get plastered. Once I've sobered up, I'll be.
Continuing the same way, they announced the arrival of my train after itpulls off, so not happy	In the same way, they announced the arrival of my train after itpulled off, I'm so not happy	Just like before, they told me 'bout my train arrivin', right after it left the station, I ain't happy about it.
Females be get they self into street shit but wen somebody put pressure on theyass they tell the police	Women get into trouble in on the streets and when someone pressures themthey tell the police	Women can get into trouble on the streets, and if somebody's puttin' pressure on 'em, they might go tell the cops.
A.J., have u ever thought about leaving TNA and going to the WWW? With your skills, they wouldn'tknow what hit them.trust me.	A.J., have you ever thought about leaving TNA and going to the WWW? With your skills, they wouldn'tknow what hit them. Trust me	A.J., you ever considered leavin' TNA and headin' on over to the WWW? With yore abilities, they wouldn't stand a chance. I swear.
i had no choice ! Like i was already all into the tvand couldn't look away lol	I had no choice! I was already all into the television showand couldn't look away. I'm laughing!	I didn't have no other option! I was just plum hooked on that there television show. I couldn't tear my eyes away, I'm tellin' ya! And I'm laughin' too!
When I see a pretty girl with weave its the equivalent to a girl seeing a dudewith Beijing in his hair"	When I see a pretty girl who has a weave it is the same as seeing a man with an inky black dye combed through his hair	When I come across a real purty gal wearin' a weave, it's just like seein' a fella with that there ink-black dye slicked through his hair.
It's funny a watching niggas go thru problems like I do but it's not funny when I gothru shit fuck it tho	It is funny watching Negros go through problems like I do but it is not funny when I go  through shit. Fuck it though.	It's real funny watchin' Negroes go through troubles just like I do, but it ain't funny when I got to deal with some bullshit. Fuck it though.
Fellas call dat single chick dats been sitting outt all cuffing season, say u gonna shovel her snow, ring her belland kiss her in mouth	Men, call a single woman that's been ignored lately. Say you need to do something nice for her and make her feel goodand kiss he	Men, give a call to that single lady who's been overlooked recently. Tell her you gotta do something kind for her, make her feel good, and then give her a good ol' kiss.
She gonna have to make a decision right then and there...Kiss in mouth withass grab...or no snow shovel...	She is going to have to make a decision right then and there. Kiss on the mouth withan ass grab...or no snow shovel.	She's gonna hafta make up her mind real quick. A kiss on the lips with an ass grab...or nothin'. No snow shovel.
Soon the none basketball playing in LIFE clowns are gonna say Griner could play NBA ball...when she couldn't makea D1 or D2 team.	Soon the people that don't play basketball are going to say that Griner could play in the NBA, when she actually couldn't make a division 1 or a division 2 team.	Ain't long before them folks that don't play hoops is gonna say that Griner could play in the NBA, but the truth is, she wouldn't have made it to a Division 1 or a Division 2 team.
middle age buddy dat shovel dat ish for his whip and had a bad day gonna be onsome bus driver ish lol	Middle age buddy that shovel that is for his ride and had a bad day going to be onsome bus driver stuff, that's funny	A middle-aged fellow who owns that shovel there for his vehicle, had himself a rough day. He's gonna be actin' all grumpy towards some bus driver, that's hilarious.
Sadly so many HS has crippled these players academically that evenJUCO is hard for them...	Sadly, so many high schools have crippled these players academically, that even JUCO is hard for them.	Sad to say, a whole lotta high schools done held back these here players academically. So much so, that even Juco's a struggle for 'em.
tell em what happen to the mouse n the house the VERY next play tho (den askwho won ALL the games)	Tell them what happened to the mouse in the house the next next play though. (Then askwho won all the games).	Tell 'em bout that mouse in the house, next play, but then again, next next play. (An' then ask who won all them games.)
U eva bump into a nigga yo age and he STILL take Gang banging serious? At what age do a reference of another gangNOT make u wanna fight?	Have you ever bumped into someone your age and he still takes gang banging seriously? At what age does a reference to another gangnot make you want to fight	Have you ever run into somethin' like this: you meet someone your own age, and they're still actin' all serious 'bout gang bangin'. At what age do you figure a mention of another gang ain't gonna make you wanna throw down?
Dear Greeks, If by 30 becoming a member of your org is ur greatest achievement...Udon't deserve ur fucking letters.	Dear Greeks, if by thirty becoming a member of your organization is your greatest achievement, you don't deserve your fucking letters.	Dear Greeks, if makin' thirty the membership age in y'all's organization be y'all's biggest accomplishment, then y'all don't deserve y'all's goddamn letters.
I swear when I get out this rat race imma be taking middaynaps and going to chiropractor...	Once I am able to escape this competitive struggle for wealth and power I will be taking daytime naps and I will go to the chiropractor.	Once I manage to get away from this here dog-eat-dog competition for money and power, I'll be takin' myself some afternoon siestas. And I'll be headin' on down to see that chiropractor of mine.
Ladies, the older you are in the "game" the more Bullshit urgonna have to sift thru...	Ladies, the older you are in life the more things you aregoing to have to sift through	Ladies, the older y'all get in life, the more stuff y'all is gonna have to sort through.
Sick of going to this dealership for random lights going out...BUT I do lovea free truck wash. *bling*	I'm sick of going to this dealership when random lights go out. However I do lovea free truck wash.	I'm plum tuckered out 'bout goin' to that there dealership every time somethin' random starts flashin'. Yet, I do take a likin' to them complimentary truck washes they give me each time I visit.
1/2 of what you want > Zero of what you want.But its mean if vocalized	Half of what you want is better than zero of what you want. But it's mean if vocalized.	Half of what y'all askin' for is better'n nothin' at all. But it ain't nice if ya say it out loud.
Bill collectors take fractions of debt on the dollar sometimes...and I don't expect u 2agree about the RS ish...	Bill collectors take fractions of debt on the dollar sometimes, and I don't expect you toagree about the RS, man.	Bill collectors take little pieces of folks' debts sometimes, and I don't reckon you'll agree 'bout that, partner.
Fucking WhERE?!!!! T So its a store that will sell U 4fifth of Patron for 49.99	Fucking where is it? So it's a store that will sell you fourfifths of Patron for $49.99.	Damn where the heck is it? Well, it's some kind of shop that'll give you four outta five bottles of Patron for forty-nine ninety-nine dollars.
immediately go back to hotel and hope u aint got TOO many jerks on ur team dat playthe replay on they ipads.	Immediately go back to the hotel and hope you don't have too many jerks on your team that play the replay on their ipads.	Hurry back to the hotel right away, an' hope y'all ain't got no more than a few jerks on y'all's team, playin' them game-replays on their iPads.
Shame on ALL you women that has sent off the Shape Challenged womenof the world...shame on yall.	All the women who have sent off the shape  challenged women should be ashamed.of the world. Shame on you	All them gals what done sent off that application, them challenged women, oughta be hangin' their heads in shame. Shame on y'all.
On way 2 gym to sweat the rest of this bug out...can't beconducting workshops looking all sick	On the way to the gym to sweat the rest of this bug out. I can't beconducting workshops looking sick.	On the road to the gym, I'm fixin' to work up a good sweat. Can't be holdin' no workshops lookin' all sickly now.
we aint going for that fam. My kid gonna get ALL the cool shit...cuz Daddy and Mommy workshard as shit for it.	We're not going for that family. My kid is going to get all the cool shit...because Daddy and Mommy work hard as shit for it.	We ain't goin' after that family none. My kid's gonna git all them cool things...'cause Daddy and Mommy work their asses off for it.
yea u know with groupon they jus give u dat breadback to get sumthing else...	Yeah you know with Groupon they just give you that moneyback to get something else	Y'all know 'bout Groupon? They just give y'all that money back so y'all can go get somethin' else.
Sooo the other business units sending emails to IT while wein conference cuz they out...smh	So the other business units are sending emails to IT while weare in conference because they are out. I'm shaking my head.	So them other business units is sendin' emails to IT while we's in this here conference 'cause they ain't here. I'm just shakin' me head.
Kelly is a Fast ass Heffa...and we love it! Let her set dat poon out...We lovingher direction right now lol	Kelly is a fat ass heifer...and we lover it! Let her show her crotch...We are lovingher direction right now. Laugh out loud.	Kelly's a real plump cowgirl...and we sure do love it! Let her go ahead and flash her front porch...We're really diggin' her new direction these days. Hee-haw! (Laughing)
it doesn't work when u work everyday and dem bums sitting in ur hood watching YOURshit u worked hard for.	It doesn't work when you work everyday while those that aren't working are sitting around eyingthings you've worked hard for	It don't function right when ya work every single day, but them what ain't workin' is just sittin' around, eyeballin' the things you've been workin' your tail off for.
Can you do what you doing right now...3 years from now?If not your wasting time.	In three years do you have the ability to do the same thing you are doing now.If you do not you are wasting your time	In three year's time, y'all got the skills to do what y'all doin' now? If not, y'all just wastin' y'all's time.
I can actually beleive the stat...i was just wondering who tooktime to take the poll.	I can actually believe the stat. I was wondering who tookthe time to take the poll.	I reckon that stat's true. I was ponderin' who put in the effort to do that survey.
Everytime I ask for a cup for water at a fastfood Joint...I alwaysfill it up with pop	Every time I ask for a cup of water at a fast food restaurant, I always fill it up with soda.	Every time I holler for a glass of water at one them fast food joints, I ends up fillin' it up with pop instead.
I hate the lil sign on my phone dat says I gotta Voice Mail...I hate the red lite on my workphone when I gotta Vmail.	I hate the little sign on my phone that says I' have a voicemail...I hate the red light on my workphone when I have a voicemail.	I can't stand them little signs on mah phone, sayin' I got a voicemail...Ain't nobody got time for that red light on mah workphone when I got a voicemail.
I'm more of the service at a soup kitchen..Paint a School type of Community Service kindaguy...I'm not a role model.	I'm more of the service-at-a-soup-kitchen, paint-a-school type of community service kind ofguy. I'm not a role model.	I'm more the type to help out at a soup kitchen or paint a school, that sorta community service deal. I ain't no role model.
I been on auto pay since foreva! Got some 1percent inapr deduction cuz of it.	I have been on auto pay forever. I got one percent inapr deduction because of it.	I've been payin' automatic for ages. I got me a one percent lower interest rate cause of it.
I couldn't do shit but laugh...she was dead serious and smiled in my face like "yeanigga u see it" lol	I couldn't do anything by laugh...she was dead serious and smiled in my face like \"yeahman, you see it\". It was funny.	I couldn't do nothin' but laugh....she was dead serious and smiled in my face like "yessir, you got it"". It was real funny.
Den she so gangsta...she ends convo looks at me for little bite denopens up this bible pamphlet!!!	Then she is so gangster. She ends the conversation, looks at me for a little bit, and then opens up this bible pamphlet	Then she gets real tough. She wraps up our talk, gives me a long hard look, and then pulls out this here Bible pamphlet.
I didnt speak on Lillard cuz i made no reference to him.i spoke on AD and Barnes.and Barnes like i expected isgonna be a good pro	I didn't speak about Lillard because I never mentioned him. I spoke about AD and Barnes Like I expected, Barnes isgoing to take it well.	I didn't say nothin' 'bout Lillard 'cause I never even brought him up. I was talkin' 'bout AD and Barnes. Just like I figured, Barnes is gonna take it real good.
I said AD wont be ROY and Barnes was gonna be a Good Pro...and Game wasmore suited for the Pros	I said AD won't beat ROY, and Barnes was going to be a good pro, and the game wasmore suited for the pros.	I said AD ain't gonna beat ROY at that there game, but Barnes was gonna make a good pro, and the game was more suited for the pros anyways.
that's a recipe for disaster. A woman that won't shut up or sit down. When is that ever gonna getwins? Its less extreme ways.	That's a recipe for disaster. A woman that won't shut up or sit down. When is that ever going to getwins? It's less extreme ways.	That's a real formula for trouble. There's this gal who just won't quit yappin' or settin' still. So when's that ever gonna bring us some wins? It's not like it's the most extreme ways, but still.
we can agree 2 disagree. But I'm no advocate to any woman thinking its ok 2 neva shutup and have a seat...	We can agree to disagree, but I'm no advocate to any woman thinking it's ok to never shut up and have a seat.	We can agree to disagree, but I ain't no supporter to no gal thinkin' it's fine to never hush up and take a seat.
I think every Married woman on my TL is nodding they heads...while thesingle ones aint catching it.	I think every Married woman on my timeline is nodding their head...while thesingle ones are not catching it	I reckon every married gal on my social media feed is bobbin' their heads...while them single gals ain't gettin' it.
if everyone calmed down before making a decision a lot will be different...But to be fair a woman fussingis annoying as shit lol	If everyone calmed down before making a decision a lot will be different...but to be fair a woman carrying on is as annoying as shit. Laugh out loud.	If everybody took a deep breath an' thought it through 'fore makin' a decision, things would be mighty different...but I reckon it's only fair to admit that a gal carryin' on can be just as aggravatin' as a barn full of manure. Hee-haw!
let DJ come home and tell me all he did was watch Videos with a Sub and every 1in class aint got books.sheeid	Let DJ come home and tell me all he did was watch videos with a sub and everyonein class doesn't have books. Shit.	Let DJ come on back home and tell me all he done was watch some vids with a buddy and everbody in his class don't got no books. Damn.
Sometimes dudes holla at chicks dats not that cute cuz they hope she like super attentive and domesticand got untapped good poon.	Sometimes, men approach some women who are not that cute because they hope she is super attentive and domesticand has an untouched good vagina.	Sometimes, a man might go up to a woman who ain't exactly a looker, 'cause he thinks she's gonna be real attentive and homey, with a clean, untouched good thing goin' on down there.
are u trying to say that getting a white woman will help u be great ifyour a black man? lol	Are you trying to say that getting a white woman will help you be great ifyou're a black man? Laugh out loud.	You reckon if you're a black fella, havin' a white woman by your side is gonna make you somethin' real special? Ha! That's a good one.
how is that funny? Maybe interaction with you is more immediatly satisfying that those causes...weall aint self righteous bruh	How is that funny? Maybe interaction with you is more immediately satisfying than those causes...wearen't all that self righteous, brother.	How in tarnation that be funny? Guess conversatin' with me hits the spot a mite quicker than them reasons...we ain't all high and mighty, buddy.
it helps by showin u can be responsible for SELF and thatsthe 1st step before unity.	It helps by showing you can be responsible for yourself and that'sthe first step before unity.	It helps out by showin' you can take care of yerself, and that's the real deal before we talk 'bout unity.
and thats just one scenrio....its a mille more...hence why the bases shouldbe ...BE A RESPONSIBLE PERSON..Period	And that's just one scenario...it's a mile more ...hence why the bases should be..Be a responsible person. Period.	An' that's jus' one kinda situation...it goes on an' on for a mile...that's why folks needs to keep their bases covered...Be a grown-up, see? Plain and simple.
how do u understand an analogy and not at same time? Ok lemme try this...ur not a dad...do u think u can speakon it 2 a dad?	How do you understand an analogy, but yet not understand it at the same time? OK. Let me try this. You're not a dad. Do you think you can speakabout it to dad?	You may get the idea of an analogy, but still have a hard time truly graspin' it, right? Alright, let me give it a shot. You ain't no daddy. Do you reckon you can talk about it like one?
was showing all types of baby thigh meat in HS now her future kidscan't be alil fast lol	I was showing all types of baby thigh meat in high school. Now her future kidscan't be all fast. It's funny.	I was showin' off all kinds of chubby baby leg meat back in high school. But now, it looks like her future little ones might not be as quick on the draw. It's kinda funny, ain't it?
Ladies If u EVER used the line "I'm 2 much woman for u anyway" to justifyany argument...U a Fat Girl.	Ladies, if you ever used the line \"I'm too much woman for you anyway\" to justifyany argument then you are a fat girl.	Ladies, if y'all ever used that line "I'm too much woman for you anyway" to settle any disagreement, then y'all are what we call in the South, a big gal.
Attn is a helleva drug tho...and goofy mogs is raising the priceof it faster than Gold.	Attention is a hell of a drug though. And goofy people are raising the priceof it faster than gold.	Ain't attention a powerful drug, I reckon? And some real oddballs are jackin' up the cost of it quicker'n gold.
I'm convinced dat Hova lack of thirst, own bread, style nshit made her look over his camelface. Chicks are less shallow...	I'm convinced that Jay-z's lack of desire, own finances and style and such made her overlook his camel-face. Women are less shallow.	I believe Jay-z didn't have the fire, his own money, swag and all that, which made her not notice his hump-backed face. Ladies ain't as superficial.
repeating the last 3 words of my questions back to medoes nuthing ya know lol	Repeating the last three words of my questions back to medoes nothing you know, that's funny	Repeatin' the last three words of mah questions back to me doesn't change nothin', that's kind of humorous.
It can pan out tho...but dat later in life leap of faith shit is NOT the groove...fuck around andbe damaged goods by 34	It can pan out though, but that later-in-life leap of faith shit is not the right idea. Date aroundand you will be damaged goods by 34.	It might work out, yet that jump-start-faith business late in life ain't the smartest move. Mingle about and you'll be considered damaged goods by the time you hit thirty-four.
no country for chicks leaving bread crumps for the ppl theyREALLY wanted to be with	No country for women leaving bread crumbs for the peole theyreally wanted to be with	No country's good for women, leavin' bread crumbs for the folks they really wanted to be with.
Pho craving, Mekong Delta closed Mondays so I made faux pho w/ ramen noodles (all eddies has). It's notDelta, but i'm pleasantly surprised.	Pho craving, Mekong Delta closed Mondays, so I made a faux pho with ramen noodles (all Eddie's has). It's notDelta, but I'm pleasantly surprised	Cravin' me some pho, Mekong Delta shuts down on Mondays, so I whipped up a phony pho with them ramen noodles (all Eddie's got). Ain't the real deal, Mekong Delta, but I'm mighty pleased.
oh i dunnno, maybe they are. But they are usually closed mondays, which iswhen I usually want pho	Oh I don't know, maybe they are are. But they are usually closed Mondays, which is when I usually want pho.	Well, I reckon they might be. But they generally keep their doors shut on Mondays, which is the day I most crave me some pho.
Just had a great conversation with old baltimore about how he used toget drinks at the Stafford.	I just had a great conversation with Old Baltimore about how he used toget drinks at The Stafford	I jus' had a real good chat with Old Baltimore 'bout how he useta get himself a drink at The Stafford.
there should be an en fuego documentary. What was in that burrito thatmade it taste so good?	There should be an \"En Fuego\" documentary. What was in that burrito thatmade it taste so good	There oughta be a docu-mentary 'bout that "En Fuego" business. What in tarnation was in that there burrito makin' it taste so doggone good.
With that being said...what do i want more, a nice body or nice hair, cuz it's clear ican't have it all lol	With that being said, what do I want more? A nice body or nice hair? Because it's clear I can't have it all. That's funny.	Now that I've said that, what's it that I truly hanker for? Me bein' blessed with a fine figure or a head full of beautiful locks? 'Cause it's plain to see that I can't have all the good things in life. That's a laugh!
I might need to break out the creamy crack i been trying soodesperately to stay away from	I might need to break out the creamy crack I've been trying sodesparately to stay away from	I might have to get hold of that creamy stuff, crack, I've been tryin' to keep myself away from [separately should be separated].
Im all for my ppl leaving Chicago. All I ask is make it aplace I can visit. .	I'm all for my friends and family leaving Chicago. All I ask is for them to make it a place I can visit.	I'm right behind 'em, supportin' my pals and familiy leavin' Chicago. All I'm askin' is for 'em to make it someplace I can come see.
Just found out that my auntie BBQ and my fat ass just ate. I'm headed togo get me a rib	I just found out that my auntie is barbecuing and my fat ass just ate. I'm headed to go get a rib.	I jus' found out that mah auntie is cookin' somethin' on the grill, an' mah big ol' self jus' gobbled up. I's fixin' to head on over thar an' git me a rib.
I think in going to make a trip up to Roosevelt... Justto see if anything changed	I think I'm going to make a trip up to Roosevelt...Just to see if anything changed.	I reckon I'm fixin' to head on up to Roosevelt...Jus' to see if somethin' might've shifted.
I was a little cranky lol. I haven't been gettin any sleeplately but I'm str8 now	I was a little crank. That's funny. I haven't been getting any sleeplately, but I'm straight now.	I was actin' a mite ornery, that's all. Ain't been gettin' much shut-eye lately, but I'm back on track now.
So he said he was going to call me back sohe can get on IG	He said he was going to call me back sohe can get on Instagra	He said he was gon' call me back so he can git on Instagram.
Did anybody hear Momma Dee commercial on 107.5.???? Why did she say "Whenever I'min the State of Detroit"	Did anyone hear the Momma Dee commercial on 107.5? Why did she say, \"Whenever I'm...In the state of Detroit\"	Did anybody here listen to that Momma Dee advertisement on 107.5? What in the world she mean by, "Every time I'm... In the condition of Detroit"
I'm a full time worker and a full time student.... Do I really have timefor a boyfriend.??? Uhhhhhh.... NO	I'm a full time worker and a full time student...do I really have timefor a boyfriend? Uh no.	I'm workin' full time and studyin' full time...ain't got no time for a boyfriend. Naw, suh.
My cousin texted me yesterday and asked me when I was coming back to Florida. I told her sooncause I need to gtfo	My cousin texted me yesterday and asked me when I was coming back to Florida. I told her soonbecause I need to get the fuck out.	My cousin sent me a text message yesterday and asked me when I was goin' back to Florida. I told her soon 'cause I gotta get the hell outta here.
Reading through Neh 12 this morning with my man, Joshua. He spit up while I was reading the names ofthe priests & Levites. Hmmm...	Reading through Neh 12 this morning with my friend, Joshua. He spit up while I was reading the names ofthe priests & Levites. Hmmm..	This mornin', me and my buddy, Joshua, were readin' the Neh 12 scripture. While I was goin' through the list ofpriests and Levites, Joshua choked somethin' up. Strange...
Don"t miss the kickoff of our new series The Red Letters! 9 & 10:30 this morningat Greater Gresham Baptist Church	Don't miss the kickoff of our new series The Red Letters! Nine and ten thirty this morningat Greater Gresham Baptist Church.	Don't you miss that there start of our fresh new collection called The Red Letters! It's nine and ten thirty in the mornin' today at Greater Gresham Baptist Church.
's message "I will give you rest" must of worked last night - found stress ball under a chair inthe worship center this morning.	the message \"I will give you rest\" must have worked last night. I found a stress ball under a chair in the worship center this morning	Last night, that message "I'll give ya some peace" must've done the trick. Found me a stress ball hidin' under a chair in the church house this mornin'.
"Spire installed on New York's One World Trade Center brings it to 1,776 feet, tallest buildingin Western Hemisphere." -- CNN	Spire installed on New York's One World Trade Center brings it to 1,776 feet, tallest buildingin Western Hemisphere.\" -- CN	Spire put on New York's One World Trade Center makes it to 1,776 feet, the tallest buildin' in the Western Hemisphere. -- CNBC
if you everhave the time to message me back because everyone says I sound like the both of you when Irap just want to talk	If you ever have the time to message me back, because everyone says I sound like both of you when I rap. I just want to talk.	If y'all got a moment in your day to write me back, 'cause folks say I sound like a mix of both y'all when I rhyme. I'm just hankerin' to chat.
that moment wen sumone tryna talk to yhu ....nd yhu tell them yhu a lesbian nd theytry even harder! like wtf.!	That moment when someone is trying to hit on you... and you tell them that you're a lesbian and theytry even harder? What the heck	That there moment when somebody's tryin' to flirt with ya... and you let 'em know that you're a lezbo, and they double down on their efforts? I tell ya, it's plumb bafflin'!
Brian would you consider being in a long distance relationship if youwere interested in that person	Brian, would you consider being in a long distance relationship if you were interested in that person.	Brian, ya think 'bout havin' a long distance relationship if y'all was feelin' each other?
I been waiting on a new debit card all week! Seem like it goes slower when they knowyou got money to spend	I have been waiting on a new debit card all week! It seems like it goes slower when they know you have money to spend.	I've been sittin' here waitin' on this here new debit card all week long! Seems like they drag it out longer when they know you got some good money to burn.
Whenever ppl lose too much weight too quick ppl automatically think one of two things. They'reeither smoking or sick lol	Whenever people lose too much weight too quickly, people automatically think one of two things. They're either smoking or sick. It's funny.	When folks drop them pounds real fast, folks just figure one of two things. They're either smokin' or sick. Ain't that somethin'?
It's gon' be 93 degrees today! We just skipped Spring andwent straight to Summer smh	It's going to be 93 degrees today! We just skipped spring and went straight to summer. Shaking my head.	It's gonna be a scorcher, 93 degrees today! Seems like we jumped right over spring and landed smack dab in the middle of summer. Can't help but shake my head.
I can't just go eat pork like I used to. It's been toolong. I get the point	I can't just eat pork like I used to. It's been toolong. I get the point.	I cain't jus' chow down on them pork rinds like I did back in the day. It's been a mite too long. I reckon I got the gist of it.
It's bout to storm. They interrupting the tv shows. Y'all know mytheory. Lol must be serious	It's about to storm. They're interrupting the tv shows. You all know my theory. I'm laughing. It must be serious.	It's fixin' to pour down rain. They're cuttin' off the tv shows. Y'all know my belief. I'm chucklin'. Must be somethin' real serious.
I see now why ppl just get cheese pizza. It's wayless work... and safer lol	I understand now why people just order cheeze pizza. It's less work and probably safer. I'm laughing	I get it now why folks jus' order them plain ol' cheeze pizzas. It's less trouble and prob'ly safer. I's laughin'.
I can be a crazy bitch. I'll admit it. But I can alsobe the sweetest person, ever.	I can be a crazy bitch. I'll admit it. But I can alsobe the sweetest person ever.	I can be a real wild and crazy woman, y'all. I'll put my hands up and admit it. But lemme tell ya, I can also be the kindest, sweetest soul you've ever met. So don't judge me by just one side of me. I've got layers, y'all!
Mind at peace every nite, that means something to many with themost unsatisfying commitments to make.	My mind is at peace every night. That means something to many making unsatisfying commitments	Every night, my mind is as calm as a still pond. But for some folks out there, makin' promises that don't fill 'em up right.
just got done listen to that junt . had that shit bumpin inher lil whip . .	I just got done listening to that junk. I had that shut blasting inher little car.	I jus' finished listenin' to that nonsense. I had that there radio crankin' loud in her little car.
Sex: it's between the two people, respectfully take advantage of each otherfor those couple of minutes	Sex: it's between two people that respectfully take advantage of each otherfor those couple of minutes.	Sex: it's 'tween two folks what respectfully takes advantage of each other for just a few minutes.
Nate is 5'8. Bron is 6'8 of course he will hit him in the face. He's under him. TheNBA is so fucking gay.	Nate is 5'8\". Bron is 6'8\". Of course Bron will hit him in the face. Nate's under him. The NBA is so fucking gay.	Nate's five foot eight, Bron's six foot eight. Course Bron'll knock him in the kisser. Nate's underneath him. The NBA's mighty queer.
One thing I never was, was afraid to approach women. It be a lot of single bad chicks out herecause niccas can't speak. Simple.	One thing, I never was afraid to approach women. There are a lot of single bad chicks out here because niccas cannot speak. It's simple.	One thing for sure, I ain't never been scared to go up and talk to me a woman. Now, there's a whole lotta single bad gals out here 'cause nice fellas just can't seem to communicate. It's as plain as day.
Why Mother's Day gotta be the day after Graduation I can't shine for 48 hours lol jk Ilove my mama" lmaoo petty	Why does Mother's Day have to be the day after graduation. I can't shine for 48 hours. I'm laughing. Just kidding. I love my mom. I'm laughing my ass off, and being petty	Why Mother's Day gotta be the day right after graduation? I can't look good for two whole days. I'm laughin'. Ain't nothin' but a joke. But in all seriousness, I do love my mama. I'm laughin' and shakin' my head, but deep down, I'm feelin' mighty proud to be my mother's child.
If that all it takes for him to be done then it wasFORREAL in the first place	If that is the only thing necessary so that he is able to be finishedthen it was truly real in the first place	If that's all he needed to finish up, then it was the real deal from the start.
I guess not celebrating her b day cause she hasn't saidnot one thing about it	I guess we're not celebrating her birthday because she has saidnothing about i	I reckon we ain't havin' a birthday bash for her 'cause she never mentioned nothin' 'bout it.
idk what the nail shop be doing either cause when I let someone else dothem I still have some	I don't know what the nail shop is doing either because when I let someone else dothem I still have some	I don't know what that there nail shop is up to neither. Cause even when I let somebody else do 'em, I still got some of my own nails left on me.
Chan mad cuz the Lakers not in playoffs...I wonder who he will cheerfor when Kobe retire!" Lmao	Chan is made because the Lakers are not in the playoffs...I wonder who he will cheerfor when Kobe retires! I'm laughing.	Chan's mad 'cause them Lakers ain't in them playoffs...Wonder who he gonna cheer on when Kobe hangs up his sneakers! I's laughin'.
BeeJay a mess. I know a couple females that need todo a "big chop" ASAP	Oral sex is messy. I know a couple of women that need to let their hair be natural as soon as possible.	Oral sex can get real messy. I got me some gals, they really oughta let their hair be its own self as quick as they can.
I was like O_o "oh, that's nice. What's that?" She was like "a 3 piece chickenwing and a biscuit" lmao	I was like, \"Oh, that's nice. What's that?\" She was like \"a three piece chickenwing and a biscuit.\" It was funny.	I was sayin', "Well, ain't that sweet. Whatcha got there?" She was sayin', "A three-piece chicken wing and a biscuit." That tickled me something fierce.
lol sorry. Haven't had my coffee yet. I deserved that. I assume my rainwill consist of Canadian pennies?	haha. Sorry, I haven't had my coffee yet. I deserved that. I assume my rainwill consist of Canadian pennies	hehe. Pardon me, I ain't had my coffee yet. I reckon I deserved that. I guess my rain is gonna be made up of Canadian copper pennies.
I think a couple of burnt hot dogs and brats shallbe in my near future.	I think a couple of burnt hot dogs and bratwursts shall be in my near future.	I reckon me and mine are gonna have us a few scorched hot dogs and bratwursts comin' right up.
yes. My humble opinion though. Mos Def "Thieves of the Night"verse is up there too.	Yes. But it is my humble opinion. Mos Def \"Thieves of the Night\" verse is great, too.	Yessiree. But that's just how I see it. Mos Def's "Thieves of the Night" verse is mighty fine, too.
seriously though, we often confuse arguing with debating. I feel that men/women don't debateenough and argue too much.	Seriously though, we often confuse arguing with debating. I feel that men and women don't debateenough and argue too much.	Now for real, we get confused between fightin' and discussin'. I believe that us men and women ain't debatin' enough and arguin' too much.
I can't even yell properly. My voice cracks. Smh" just stick your finger in yournose. That wins most arguments.	I can't even yell properly. My voice cracks. Shaking my head. Just stick your finger in yournose. That wins most arguments.	I can't holler right neither. My voice gits all crackly. Shakin' my head. Just put your finger in your nose. That wins most arguments.
what's the classy ratchet move for this evening? I only brought myratchet personality with me today	What's the classy ratchet move for this evening? I only brought myratchet personality with me today	What's the fancy ass low-class move for tonight? I ain't got no high-class self with me today.
I don't even wanna give her hell her jokes too lite" your jokeslighhhhhht DICKHEAD no neck ass	I don't even want to give her hell. Her jokes are too silly. Your jokes are not funny. Dickhead, no neck ass.	I don't even wanna give her a hard time. Her jokes is just too darn goofy. Your jokes ain't worth a laugh neither. Dumbass, got no neck at all.
And If She Trynna Tell Me Im The. Only One Thts Hittin I Say Wht About Them Niggas SheSay Wht About Them Niggas	And if she is trying to tell me I'm the only one that's hitting, then what about those African Americans?What about them	An' if she's tryin' to tell me I'm the only 'un hittin', den what 'bout them black folk? What 'bout 'em?
Paul George ain't bout that life 4real tho" u crazy thatnigga go hard bro lol	Paul George isn't that great though\" You're crazy thatguy is amazing brother lol	Paul George ain't all that good, you're nuts about that guy, he's somethin' else, my bro hahaha.
Everytimee They Together She Open Her Mouth To Say "The Way He Had Me Feeling " Tf Kindaa Way DidYouu Have Her Feeling ?	Every time they are together she opens her mouth to say \"The Way He Had Me Feeling\". What the fuck kind of way did you have her feeling?	Every time they's together, she goes openin' her mouth to say "The Way He Had Me Feelin'". What in tarnation kind of way did you have her feelin'?
Literally tho,Leonard is the only player who looks like he can keep up, theball movement is looking AOK	Literally though, Leonard is the only player who looks like he can keep up. Theball movement is looking all right.	Ain't that the truth, Leonard's the only fella lookin' like he can hang in there. The ball movin' looks all right.
Females only like me because I pay them no attention apparentlyy'all like that stuff *Shrugs*	Females only like me because I pay them no attention. Apparently you all like that stuff. *Shurgs	Women only seem to like me 'cause I don't give 'em none of my attention. Guess y'all do enjoy that sorta thing. *Shrugs.
Nobody I know is up thee dearly morning so I choosenow to reflect on life	Nobody I know is up this early in the morning, so I choosenow to reflect on life.	Ain nobody I knows up this early in the mornin'. So I figured I'd take advantage of the quiet and spend some time ponderin' 'bout life.
Fact that we pour ourselves out to twitter just goes to show you that we really just need to get our problems out butto afraid to say them	The fact that we pour ourselves out to Twitter just goes to show you that we really just need to get our problems out, butwe are too afraid to say them.	The fact that we pours out our hearts to Twitter just goes to show you that we's really just need to let out our troubles, but we's is too scared to say 'em out loud.
Cats be like son my first time I ha an orgy with like 10 bitches and they all came 3 times and I ain't evencome I swear to everything	People are like, son, my first time I had an orgy with like ten women and they all came three times and I didn't even come. I swear.	Folks is sayin', son, my very first time I had me an orgy with 'bout ten ladies and they all came three times and I didn't even get started. Swear to God.
I been telling y'all from day one Knicks are not that nice they just havebetter players than most teams	I have been telling you all from day one, Knicks are not that nice, they just havebetter players than most teams.	I've been tellin' y'all since the very beginning, them Knicks ain't all sunshine and rainbows, they've just got better ballplayers than most teams.
I was saying that they don't listen to you and just keep saying how u not a true freak even thoughu told them u not	I was saying that they don't listen to you and they just keep saying how you are not a true freak even thoughyou told them you are not.	I was tellin' 'em that they wasn't payin' me no mind and they just kept on sayin' that I wasn't the real deal, even though I had already told 'em that I was.
Lord Forgive me...he knows I love my friend dearly, but I do not agree. If ulike it, good for u!	Lord forgive me. He knows I love my friend dearly, but I do not agree. If youlike it, good for you!	Lawd, have mercy on me. He knows I do love my friend something fierce, but I just can't see eye to eye. If you're feelin' it, more power to ya!
-Please tell me that fool Stevie didn't ask that dumb chick 2 marry him! I hope it's 4 publicity becuzthat 2 serious 2play with	Please tell me that fool Stevie did not ask that dumb girl to marry him! I hope he did it for publicity becausethat is too serious to be playing wit	I sure do hope that goofball Stevie didn't really ask that dimwitted gal to marry him! I reckon he must have done it just for the publicity, 'cause that's way too serious to be foolin' around with.
We been beatin shit lately & we ain't playin round this summer."y'all betta get sum straps cuzshit gettin real lil bra	We have been beating shit lately and we ain't playing around this summer. You all had better get some straps becauseshit is getting real, little brother.	We've been whuppin' ass goodly lately, and we ain't just foolin' 'round this summer. Y'all best be gettin' yourselves some straps 'cause shit is gettin' genuine, li'l bro.
You fuck with me I fuck with you..I will never lie to you..gotts be honest with yaself that'swhat make it tha truth	You fuck with me, I fuck with you. I will never lie to you. You got to be honest with yourself. That is what makes it that truth.	You mess with me, I mess back with ya. I'll neva lie to ya. Yessiree, you gotta tell the truth to yerself. That's what keeps it real.
Getting MicroBraids in my head full I hair took all night yesterday and gonna take all daytoday only some will understand	I'm getting MicroBrains in my whole head of hair. It took all night yesterday and it's going to take all day today. Only some will understand.	I got me some MicroBrains settin' in every last strand of my hair. Took the whole night last night and gon' take the whole day today. Ain't many gonna get it.
If this lol boy watch another mothafucckin WWE fight on my computer ...Imma body slam his ass	If this little boy watches another motherfucking WWE fight on my computer, I'm going to body slam his ass.	If this here little boy watches another mama-jamma WWE fight on my computer, I'm fixin' to give him a good ol' fashioned body slam.
Saw segment on steve harvey. I was so intrigued by your story! Perfect example of a good,God fearing man overcoming obstacles!	I saw the segment on Steve Harvey. I was so intrigued by your story! Perfect example of a good, God-fearing man overcoming obstacles.	I seen that part on Steve Harvey. It just flat out intrigued me somethin' fierce 'bout your tale! Real fine example of a good, God-fearin' man pushin' through hardships.
so lets see. Thats me, ken, wanda, aunt ree, now whos next, the hate/thirst is real	So let's see. That' me, Ken, Wanda, and Aunt Ree. Now who's next? The hate and desire is real.	Well, it's me, Ken, Wanda, Aunt Ree. Now which one's a-comin' next? The hatred and longing is genuine.
Loved last night but they should have let them perform longer. They were great ! Beena fan since the beginning!	Loved last night but they should have let them perform longer. They were great! I have been a fan since the beginning!	Ain't nobody gon' top last night for me, but they really ought to 've gave 'em more time. They was somethin' else! Been a fan of theirs since way back.
If your girlfriend friends dont like u .u can hang it up b c theygon lie on yo ass	If your girlfriend's friends don't like you, you can quit because theyare going to lie about your ass.	If them girls that's close to your girl don't take kindly to you, you might as well call it quits 'cause them gals is gonna tell lies about your behind.
Wildest field trip since my prison visits in undergrad I'm gon giveyou'll the play by play	It was the wildest field trip since my prison visits in undergrad. I'm going to giveyou the play by play.	It was the wilest excursion sinsce my jailhouse visits durin' my undergrad years. I'm fixin' to give you the lowdown.
I don't know if I'm fooling with them dogs Bro have mypressure up them salty dogs	I don't know if I\"m involving myself with them. Brother, they have my blood pressure up. Those grumpy people.	I ain't sure if I'm gettin' mixed up with 'em. But let me tell ya, them folks got my blood pressure goin'. Must be them grouchy people.
Sprint users for the iPhone in Chicago I'm not even a sprint user but they pissing me off damn dropped calls inthe middle of great convoy	Spring users for the iPhone in Chicago, I'm not even a Sprint user, but they are angering me with damn dropped calls inthe middle of great conversations.	In Chicago, them Spring folks is makin' my blood boil on my iPhone. Ain't even a Sprint user myself, but them dropped calls in the midst of some fine conversations is really gettin' under my skin.
Para los gringos el 5 de mayo es la independencia de mexico, asi como canadaes su estado mas grande.	For the gringos, May 5 is the independence of Mexico, as well as Canada.it is its largest state	Folks from the gringo land, May 5 is the day Mexico's independence is celebrated, just like Canada's. It's their biggest state.
This weak ass shit over with. That's two down all that's left is the one who alwaysremains best in my book.	This weak shit is over with. That's two down and all that's left is the one who alwaysremains the best in my book.	That there weak bullshit is done with. Ain't but two of 'em gone, an' what's left is the one who's always been the best in my book.
the screw the rangers button has been pressed, but refs just sucked. Hank let in 2 soft ones +the big guys were invisible.	The screw-the-Rangers button has been pressed, but referees just sucked. Hank let in two soft ones and the big guys were invisible.	The "screw-the-Rangers" button's been pushed, but them refs was something awful. Hank let in two real softies and them big fellas was as invisible as a fish in a barrel.
Smph "Put a MOLLY in dat bitch drink nd she ain even knw it"realli like that's crazy shit!	Shake my head \"Put a molly in that bitch's drink and she doesn't even know it\"really like that's crazy shit	I shake my head "He put some Molly in that lady's drink and she don't even know it" ain't no lie, that's some real crazy business.
lls dang Mann I finna in a mintue I went the sleep 11 sum this morningin got up at 3	I went to bed shortly after 11 am.I woke up at 3	I hit the sack 'bout shortliness after eleven in the mornin'. I come to my senses at three.
lol shood I Juss woke up I stayed up till 11 something in went to sleep in Juss gotrite back up at 3	This is funny. Shoot, I just woke up, I had stayed up until 11-something and went to sleep. Just gotright back up at three	That's a hoot! Dang, I jus' woke up not too long ago. I'd been up till eleven-somethin' and then hit the hay. But I got right back up at three.
Money on the line I came to take what's mind clouds can't block the sun whenit come out and shine	Money on the line I came to take what's mine clouds can't block then sun whenit comes out and shin	Money on the line, I come to claim what's rightfully mine. Clouds might try to hide it, but the sun'll come out and shine on it when it does.
I dropped a hot wing on the ground & threw it away last Sunday & I been thinkingabout that shyt ever since."	I dropped a hot wing on the ground and threw it away last Sunday. I have been thinkingabout that shit ever since.	Last Sunday, I let a hot wing fall on the ground an' then I chucked it away. Ever since then, that damn thing's been on my mind.
i just might the next female i have in bed lol" that was sooo wrong!I would sue his ass	I just might do this to the next female I have in bed. It's funny. That was so wrong! I would sue him.	I reckon I might do this here thing to the next gal I got in the bed. It's purty funny, but that there was dead wrong! I'd take him to court!
It's almost 1:30 am and I'm just getting in from my date and I come home to my mother being gone ooooh welloff to bed I go	It's almost 1:30 am and I got home from a date. My mother was home and said \"Oh, I'm going to bed.\	It's near about 1:30 in the mornin', and I just got home from a date. My mama was there and said, "I reckon I'll be headin' to bed now."
Hate cheap people, like naw i just came with you to WATCH you eat." Omg that happen to meyesterday I was like WTF	I hate cheap people, like \"no, I just came with you to watch you eat.\" Oh my god that happened to meyesterday. I was like what the fuck.	I can't stand cheap folks, actin' all casual like, "Naw, I just come here with ya to watch ya eat." Lord have mercy, that happened to me yesterday. I was thinkin', what in tarnation?
I got This Feeling On a summer day When you were Gone I crashed my Car into a bridge I threw Your Shit into abag and pushed it down	I got this feeling on a summer day. When you were gone I crashed my car into a bridge. I threw your shit into abag and pushed it down	I had this here feelin' on a summer day. While you was away, I lost control of my car and rammed it into a bridge. I packed up your belongings in a bag and shoved it down real good.
whats goin on? Any way i can get u to check out some of my joints andget ya feedback on em	What's going on? Any way I can get you to check some of my joints and get your feedback on them?	What's all this about? Got any way to make you take a look at some of my parts and give me your honest opinion on 'em?
So i downloaded kik. and saw my baby on it. "GG you got a kik?" GG:" yea daddy yoit late." lmfao.. So what Im not hipto the jive . Lol	So I downloaded kik and saw my baby on it. \"GG you got a kik?\" \"GG.\" Yeah honey, you are late. That's funny. So what? I'm not hip.That's funny.	So I went and got me Kik downloaded, and there was my baby on it. "GG, you got Kik?", "GG.", Yeah honey, you're runnin' late. That's a laugh. So what? I ain't hip. That's a laugh.
YOU LIVE IN A FAIRYTALE WORLD. EVERYTHING AIN'T PERFECT. . I DON'T GET NO HAND OUTS. FUCK THAT. SOMEBODYGIVE ME SOME FREE SHIT.	You live in a fairy tale  world. Everything isn't perfect. I don't get anything for free. Fuck that. Somebodygive me some free shit.	You livin' in a land of make-believe. Ain't nothin' perfect 'round here. I don't get nothin' for free neither. Shit, somebody give me somethin' fer free!
Anybody ever experienced someone who constantly tries to make u miserable..belittle you..n threaten u ? Imaginewaking up in hell everyday	Has anybody ever experienced someone who constantly tries to make you miserable, belittle you, and threaten you? Imaginewaking up in hell everyday.	Y'all ever had the misfortune of runnin' into somebody who just takes delight in makin' your life a living hell? They're always tryin' to bring you down with their belittlin', threatenin', and all-around nastiness. It's like wakin' up every day and findin' yourself stuck in the fiery pits of Dante's Inferno. Ain't that a kick in the head?
I gotta bff ..he understands me ...n wen I say I lovehimmmmm thts my ninja 4life	I have a best friend. He understands me, and when I say love him, that's my best friend for life.him that's my best friend for life	I got me a best buddy. He gets me, an' when I say I loves him, that's my best friend forever. Him that's my best friend forever.
Soooo tall !! :) dnt really look like a bear to me but I guess u gotta wildside lol I can dig	He is so tall. He didn't really look like a bear to me but I guess you have a wild side. Laugh out loud. I can appreciate that.	He's taller than the tallest tree, in my book. Ain't nobody call him "Bear," though. Guess we all got us some wild in us, huh? Laugh out loud. I reckon I can see that side of things too.
Ill never regret demanding respect. .cuz where im from respect is everything nppl out here rude af	I will never regret demanding for respect. Because where I am from, respect is everything andpeople out here are rude as fuc	I'll neva regret speakin' up for some respect. Cause where I come from, respect means the world and folks around here can be real rude.
no its not lol and nothing just trying to make itwhat you been up to	No it's not, that's funny and nothing, I'm just trying to make itwhat have you been up to	Nah, that ain't it, that's funny but nothin'. I'm jus' tryin' to make it whatcha been up to?
When I wake up in the morning and stretch, I make babydinosaur noises." That's kinda sexy.	When I wake up in the morning I stretch making baby dinosaur noises. dinosaur noises. That is kind of sexy.	When I get up in the mornin', I stretch out and make me some little dinosaur sounds. Sounds like this: (makes dinosaur noises). Some folks might find that kinda sexy.
That's how it's fucking done MIAMIII!!!!! Lebron, you FUCKING beast!!!! Gohome pacers! Fuck outta heaaaaaaa	That is how you do it, Miami! Lebron, you are a beast! Go home, Pacers! Leave	That's how you get it done, Miami! LeBron, you're somethin' else! Pack your bags, Pacers! Beat it, outta here.
Anyone know where I could shop for Brazilian bikinis without ithaving to be south beach?	Anyone know where I could shop for Brazilian bikinis without having to be in South Beach?	Anyone know where I could buy them Brazilian swimsuits without havin' to be down in South Beach?
oh yeah of course it does. Doesn't mean I gave to like itthough. I'm just getting old	Oh yeah, of course it does. It doesn't mean I have to like itthough. I'm just getting old.	Well, sure thing, it does. Ain't 'bout that I gotta take a likin' to it, though. I'm jus' gettin' on in years.
If you text me and ask me can I do you a favor and you didn't even sayhello first. I will ignore!	If you text me and ask if I can do you a favor and you didn't even sayhello first. I will ignore you!	If you send me a text askin' me if I can do ya a favor and you didn't even say 'hi' first, I'll just ignore you!
Got out the car to go in the store. I figured that was a badidea. Now sitting and waiting.	I got out of the car to go in the store. I figured that was a bad idea. Now I'm sitting and waiting.	I got myself outta that car to go on into that there store. But now I reckon that was a real dumb move. Sittin' here waitin' now.
This shit is hilarious tho. When somebody calls you on your shitjust own up to it.	This shit is hilarious though. When somebody calls you on your shitjust own up to it.	That there's mighty funny, y'all. When someone catches you with your pants down, just go ahead and take ownership of it.
no thanks. I didn't read about it. Just read what it is supposed to be. Or at leastthe name of the event.	No thanks. I didn't read about it. Just read what it is supposed to be. Or at leastthe name of the event	No thank you. Ain't read 'bout it, but just read what it's said to be. Leastways, I know its name.
If I hit the powerball I may as well kill myself. Cause my family will beat me down mentally and emotionally beforeI can ever enjoy it!	If I hit the Powerball, I may as well kill myself because my family will beat me down mentally and emotionally before I can ever enjoy it!	If I win the Powerball lottery, I reckon I might as well take my own life 'cause my own kinfolk is sure to bring me down mentally and emotionally before I even get a chance to enjoy it!
my nephew told some lady that before. I said hold up you gonna have them thinking yamom and I are gay!	My nephew once told some lady that. I said, hold up, you're going to have them thinking yourmom and I are gay	My neppaw once told some gal that. I hollered, whoa there, you'll have 'em thinkin' your mama and me is queer.
There's only 1 reason I would want to be in Philly right now. And despite what ubelieve.... It's not about you!	There is only reason I want to be in Philadelphia right now. And regardless of what youbelieve, it isn't about you	Ain't no just one reason I wanna be in Philly at this very moment. An' even if y'all think different, it ain't about y'all.
There was less judgement in the world.Maybe not in the same ways, but we all do wrong atsome point in our life.	There was less judgement in the work. Maybe not in the same ways, but we all do wrong at some point in our life.	There wasn't as much critisizin' goin' on in the work. It might not have been the same kind of judgement, but we all make mistakes at some point in our livest.
Oh hell nawll black people and chicken don't mix let me get my ahh in this kitchen b4 thesedrunk niiggas eat em up!	Oh, hell no, black people and chicken don't mix. Let me get myself in the kitchen before these inebriated negros eat it all.	Well, dang it, them black folk an' chickens don't go together. I best git myself to the kitchen afore them drunken Negroes eats it all up.
I can't go down Auntie monkey house to watch bball dese niggas a be hollin rolltide I'll be like df?	I can't go down to aunt monkey's house to watch basketball these guys are yelling rolltide and i'm like why	I cain't go on down to auntie Monica's house to watch some basket-ball. These here folks is hollerin' "Roll Tide!" an' I'm thinkin', "Why Roll Tide? I'm just tryna watch some hoops."
Why is it so hard to find a 34 D bra... I'm just too picky. Not trying to lookpoint when shits are perky	It is hard to find a 34D bra. I am selective. Not trying to lookwhen they are perky	Finder it hard as a rabbit's foot to track down a 34D bra. I'm picky, ain't tryin' to look when they're perky.
so you didn't get me any?! What kind of shit is that! Iwould've sent you my address	So you didn't get me any? What kind of disrespect is that? I would've sent you my address.	So you didn't bring none for me? What kinda disregard is that? I would've given you my address.
If you have drugs in your car keep your scary ass off the road in the morning... I don't have time to be drivingslow bc I'm behind you	If you have drugs in the car do not drive in the morning. I don't have time to be drivingslow down because I am behind you	If you got them drugs in the car, best not to be drivin' none in the mornin'. Ain't got the time to be slowin' down 'cause I'm right behind ya.
So Dame Dash is broke. As black people we need to bebetter with money. Myself included.	Dame Dash no longer has any money. As black people, we need to be better with managing our money. Myself included.	Dame Dash done lost all his moolah. Us colored folks gotta learn how to handle our cash better. Me too.
Why can't I seem to make it out of NC successfully. The devil is trying to keep me here, that'sa battle he will lose	Why can't I seem to make it our of North Carolina successfully. The devil is trying to keep me here. That's a battle he will lose.	Why can't I seem to get outta North Carolina, successful-like? The devil's tryin' to keep me here. But that's a fight he'll lose.
I want Jamaican for dinner... So sad I can't have cream soda withit... H20 it will be	I want Jamaican food for dinner...so sad that I can't have cream soda with it. Water it will be.	I'd love me some Jamaican grub fer supper...it's a shame I cain't have no cream soda with it. Guess it'll be water then.
I think I just want one kid. So they can be anonly child like my mom	I think I want one child, so that they can be an only child like my mom.	I reckon I wanna have me one kid, so they can be the on'y child, like my mama was.
I want to get my nails and toes painted on my lunch but Ihave closed toed shoes on	I want to get my finger and toenails painted during lunch but Ihave closed-toe shoes on	I wanna git mah fingers and toes nails painted durin' lunch, but Ah got them closed-toe shoes on.
You prob shouldn't have brought your newborn with you to the nail salon.... So youcan get a full set..	You probably shouldn't have brought your newborn with you to the nail salon so youcan get a full set of nails.	You prob'ly oughta havent brung that brand new baby of yours with ya to the nail place so you could git yourself a full set of nails.
They also need to be 7-8 pounds straight out the womblol I like big babies	They also need to be seven to eight pounds straight out of the womb.That's funny. I like big babies	They gotta be around seven to eight pounds when they first come outta mama. That's a laugh. I do love me some big babies.
Are you at Carowinds ...lol just trying to make sure before Iwave at your twin lmaoo	Are you at Carowinds? I am laughing. Just trying to make sure before I wave at your twin. I am laughing very loudly.	Y'all at Carowinds? I'm haw-hawin'. Just double checkin' before I give a wave to your look-alike. I'm laughin' real loud here.
Put on my swim suit and baby oil for no damn reason.The pool is closed for some ol bullshit but will be open tomorrowand my ass gotta work	Put on my swim suit and baby oil for no damn reason. The pool is closed for some bullshit, but will be open tomorrowand my ass has to wor	Put on my swim suit and that there baby oil, for nothin' at all. That pool of mine is shut down for some hogwash, but it'll be open tomorrow. But by golly, my behind has got to work... even if the pool ain't open yet.
grams empty out my purse cuz she wearin it to a weeding! I hope my weed bowl wasn't in there! she go kick my ass andi need it tonight lol	Grandma is emptying out my purse because she's wearing it to a wedding! I hope my weed pipe wasn't in there! She's going to kick my ass and I need it tonight. How funny!	Grandma's goin' through all my stuff in that ol' handbag of hers. Seems she's wearin' it to some wedding. Lawd, I hope she didn't find my little weed pipe in there! She's gonna give me a good hidin' and I need it real bad tonight. How in tarnation funny is that?
God looked out fa us last nite ona foe we all cudvebeen dead on ma soul	God looked out for us last night because we all could havedied, trust m	Last night, it sure seemed like God was watchin' over us. I reckon we all could 've ended up dead. But thank the good Lord, He saw fit to keep us safe and sound.
Nah people are too quick with these things they must have people on stand-by waiting for celebrities to fuck up sothey can pic stitch it	No. People come too quickly to these things. They must have people on stand-by, waiting for celebrities to fuck up so They can pick it apart	No sir, folks move too fast to all this here business. They gotta have folks ready and waitin', just for celebrities to slip up so they can tear it all apart.
Lady at the nail salon tried to steal my nail polish,you are not loww Ming.	Lady at the nail salon tried to steal my nail polish,you are not low Ming	The lady at the nail salon tried to swipe my nail polish, but you ain't no low-class person.
So you think its cute girls fussing over u LOL I'm to grown for the bull shit just no I played the games uplaying along time ago LOL	You believe cute girls are arguing over you. That's funny. I'm too mature for this foolishness. I played the games you are doing nowa long time ago. It's funny to me.	Y'all think them little cuties is fightin' over me. Ain't that somethin'. I'm way beyond all this tomfoolery. I done played them games y'all doin' now a long time ago. It's funny to me.
- Boy you sorry af I had to do everything yesterday when we played thehood boys stop all that..	Boy you are sorry as fuck, I had to do everything yesterday when we playedthe hood boys stop all of tha	Boy, you sorry as hell, I had to do everythang yesterday when we played, the hood boys stop all of that.
How You Gone Try && Pop Out At 11 Some Out The Blue At That &&Expect Somebody To Come Outside	How are you going to show up at eleven out of the blue adn expect someone to come outside?	How y'all gon' just appear at eleven outta nowhere and think somebody's gonna come out side?
I have so much anger built up so please warning you don'tget on my bad side	I have so much anger built up. Please, I am warning you, do not get on my bad side.	I got me a whole lotta anger builded up. Now listen here careful, I'm givin' ya fair warnin'. Don't be goin' and puttin' me on the wrong side.
I text more than I talk soo whatever all the people I need and want to talkto have iMessage sooo whatever.	I text more than I talk. So whatever. All the people I need and want to talkto have iMessage. So whatever.	I send more texts than I do callin'. Ain't got time for all that. But them folks I gotta and wanna chat with, they got iMessage. Ain't got time for nothin' else.
Well - Mmmm-bop is gone but now I am humming I saw the sign& Barbie girl. Thanks &	well the slut is gone but I saw the signand Barbie girl. Thanks an	Well, that slut's gone, but I seen a sign and a Barbie girl. Thanks.
Hey I know the Spurs wish they still had Jackson to shoot some threes.Lol great call coach Pop.	Hey, I know the Spurs. I wish they still had Jackson to shoot some three-point shots.Great call, Coach Pop	Hey, I knows me some Spurs. I do wish they still had Jackson with 'em, shootin' them thar three-point shots. That was a real smart move by Coach Pop.
With my new bitch rite now I like her style cuz treat me Betta and fuck meBetta we on another level	With my new girlfriend right now. I like her style because she treats me better and fucks me better. We are on another level.	Right now, I got myself a new girl. I'm real fond of her ways 'cause she's treatin' me better and makin' love to me better than ever. We're on another level, y'all.
White ppl can come together and make neo Nazi's and us blacka still fightingover blocks, streets and colors	White people can come together and make Neo-Nazis and us blacks still fightingover blocks, streets and colors	White folks can gather up and make them Neo-Nazis, while us colored folk is still squabblin' over blocks, streets, and hues.
So sick of these nights alone and now its going to be every night. I've really gotto find a friend!!! :(	I'm so sick of these nights alone and now it's going to be every night. I've really gotto find a friend! I'm sad.	I'm plum tuckered out from all them evenin's alone, an' now it looks like every evenin's gonna be that way. I reckon I gotta find me some pals! I'm feelin' low.
Playas mess up lol but I wanted to know if I buy me a pressing combcan you press my hair	They are always making mistakes but I was curious - I'm going to buy myself a hot iron.Do you think you could do my hair for me?	They're always makin' mistakes, yet I couldn't help but wonder - I'm fixin' to buy myself a hot iron. Do you reckon you could do my hair for me?
Real bitchxs dey lust em hatein niggas disgust em i see u takn em shots deybounce off em its nth	Real bitches, they lust over the hating black guys. I see you taking those shots today.Bounce them off; it is nothing.	Real ladies, they get all worked up 'bout them hatin' black fellas. I seen ya takin' them shots today. Knock 'em back; it ain't nothin'.
come back to lr so we csn go eat?? Lol" but come getme so I can go...	Come back to lr so we can go eat? That's funny.\" But come getme so I can go..	Come back to LR so we can go eat grits and such?" That's a laugh. But come pick me up so I can tag along.
I see my phone still acting up. Folks thinking they on blocked list cause they texting me and I'mnot even getting the messages	I see that my phone is still acting up. Folks are thinking they are on a blocked list because they are texting me and I'm not even getting the messages.	I kin see that mah phone is still actin' up. Folks is thinkin' they is on a blocked list 'cause they is texatin' me an' I ain't even gettin' them messages.
I don't see why people be scared to tell somebody they feelingthem." < fear of rejection	I don't see why people are scared to tell somebody they have feelingsfor them.  It's fear of rejection	I don't understand why folks is scairt to tell another person they got feelin's for 'em. It's just fear of bein' rejected.
Why not if everybody see what that person see mmmmm n out da blue tell me bout itlike I wanted to kno	Why not, if everybody sees what that person sees and then out of the blue tells me about itlike I wanted to know.	Why not, if everbody sees what that fella sees and then all of a sudden tells me about it like I was hankerin' for the news.
U rite I don't kno never did kno n never did want to kno I always respected u as a woman never brought bullshitto da table yall did	You're right.  I don't know, never did know, and never wanted to know.  I always respected you as a woman and never deceivedyou.  You did that	You're right. I ain't never knew, didn't want to know, and still don't know. I always held you in high regard as a woman, and I never deceived you. You were the one who did that.
I miss you to Judy come back down six u was suppose tobe here on lante b-day	I miss you too Judy. Please come visit soon!We thought we would see you on Lante's birthday.	I do miss ya somethin' fierce, Judy. Come on now and pay us a visit soon! We reckoned y'all would be comin' to see 'bout Lante's birthday.
This nigga jcole ji OC lol hope my man dont get caughtup for no dumb shit	I just really hope he doesn't get caught up in what JCole is doing.I don't want him to be blamed for something ridiculous	I sure do hope that fella don't get mixed up in what JCole's doin'. I don't want him to be held responsible for some tomfoolery.
Mfs wana be like Trice whole time tho. Just Tryna switch her shit up a lilpeon ass lil Thot .	Those people want to stir up trouble all the time. I am just trying to mess with her a little bit. She thought differently	That bunch is always tryin' to cause some ruckus. I was jus' fixin' to tease her a bit. She had a different way of thinkin'.
At work still w8tin 4 it to slow down but glad my hang over gone curric I'msticking to jack an crown	I am still at work hoping it will slow down soon. I am glad my hangover is gone. I am sticking to jack and crown now	I'm still sittin' here at work, hopin' it'll start movin' slower soon. Ain't got that hangover no more, thank the good Lord. And I've decided to stick with Jack and Crown from now on.
I neva ask for Xmas gifts bc the stuff I want costwaaay too much for ppl.	I never ask for Christmas gifts because the gifts I want costway too much for people	I neber ax for Christmas gits 'cause the gits I wan' cost way too much fer folks.
She came up wit ideas and suggestions to get me out a bind and it worked. Inormally NEVER ask for help.	She came up with ideas and suggestions to get me out of a bind and it worked. I normally never ask for help.	She come up with all them big ideas and hints to help me out of a tight spot. It really worked. Ain't never asked for help of mine before.
I say that bc I always mad D's in school, andlook how I turned out.	I say that because I always made D's in school and look how I turned out.	I reckon that's why, 'cause I never did get no better'n D's in school, an' lookit me now.
On the way home -_- oh well.. Had a great timewith the family !	I am on the way home. Oh well, I had a great time with the family!	I'm headin' home now. Aww shucks, I had a real good time with the fam-bam!
Love is much like a Checking Account you can't withdraw more than you have deposited. And you can't give more thanwhat you have on deposit	Love is much like a checking account. You can't withdraw more than you have deposited. And you cant' give more thanwhat you have on deposit	Love's kinda like a savings account down here in the South. Y'all can't take out more than what y'all put in. And y'all can't give none more than what y'all got on deposit.
no I heard that from somebody else I told her what u said about that other thing I juss put that withthat in is u supposed	No, I heard that from somebody else. I told her what you said about that other thing. I just put that with that, and it's you supposedly	No, I didn't hear that myself. I told her 'bout what you said 'bout that there thing. I just put that together with that, and it's you they're sayin' is behind it.
We spoke real quick last night man.. Liking some of the beats I heard on your page.. Definitely gottaget up with you soon	I know we spoke briefly last night my friend. I like the music I listened to on your website. I definitely have totalk to you soon about it	I reckon we had us a little chat last night, didn't we? I do take a likin' to them tunes I heard on y'all's website. I shore as how I need to talk to y'all real soon 'bout that there music.
My Bro Slow AF. Smh. This Nigga Lit The Wrong End Of The Cigarette... GladI Didn't Wanna Hit That!	My brother is slow as fuck. I am shaking my head. This black man lit the wrong end of the cigarette. I am gladI did not want to hit that	My brother's movin' real slow, like a turtle on a hot day. I'm shakin' my head in disbelief. That there black fella went and lit the wrong end of his cigarette. I'm just glad I didn't want to hit that lit end with my hand!
That 1 time when u need something and its not where u put it!!!The story of my life	That one time when you need something, and it's not where you left it!This is the story of my life	That one time when you go lookin' for somethin', and it ain't in the place where you left it! That's how my life goes.
I missed so much good tv today...but I had a good excuse...from the foundation up tho	I missed so much good tv today...but I had a good excuse...from the foundation up, though.	I missed out on some real good tv today...but I had a darn good reason...it was from the ground up, though.
I hate when bitches in food service have a damn attitude. I should go back and curse thatmf out at captain Ds	I hate it when bitches in food service have a damn attitude. I should go back and curse that motherfucker out at Captain Ds.	I can't stand it when women in the food industry got a real nasty attitude about 'em. I reckon I oughta go back and give that son of a gun a piece of my mind at Captain D's.
omg , my baby Kellee is coming . yall dont understandhow much i miss her.	Oh, my God, my baby, Kellee is coming. You all don't undersatndhow much I miss her	Lawd have mercy, my babe, Kellee's comin'. Y'all don't know how much I've been missin' her.
yeah just for this weekend. You'll be back at it nextweek. You always do lol.	Yes, but only for this weekend. You'll start again next week. You always do (laughing out loud).	Yessum, but just for this here weekend. You'll be startin' over again next week. Ain't that the way it always goes (laughin' out loud).
If you have to wipe your ass more than 3 times after a shit, get yoshitty booboo ass in shower.	If you have to wipe your ass more than three times after you shit, get yourshitty butt in the shower	If you have to wipe your ass more'n three times afteR you poop, git yore shitty butt in the shower.
The White House has missiles under the front lawn and an underground bunker 6 stories underground that canwithstand a full nuclear attack	The White House has missiles under the front lawn and an underground bunker six stories underground that can   withstand a full nuclear attack	The White House got them missiles hid under the front yard and an underground bunker down six stories that can stand up to a complete nuclear assault.
Dept of education is cutting pell grants to community colleges. They haven't putthat on mainstream media though.	The Department of Education is no longer offering Pell Grants to Community Colleges. That hasn't been released by the news yet.	The Education Department ain't givin' out them Pell Grants no more to them Community Colleges. That there news ain't been put out yet.
people can't stand to see you doing better than them. Andit's always our own color.	People can’t stand to see you doing better than them, and it’s always our own color.	Folks just can't stomach seein' you doin' better than 'em, and it's always our very own kind.
Obama says our foreign oil dependence is down 30 percent but gas keep rising. We might needto call them back lol	Obama said our foreign oil dependence is down 30 percent yet the price of gas keeps going up. Let's let them know they are wrong	Obama said we's depended on that there foreign oil 30 percent less, but the price of gas just keeps on climbin'. We best set 'em straight.
My NIg flying in from Seattle and I'm flying in from ATL. Boutto have a good time.	My friend is flying in from Seattle, and I'm flying in from Atlanta. Aboutto have a good time	My buddy's flyin' in from Seattle, and I'm flyin' in from Atlanta. Ain't got long now before we're gonna have us a real good time.
This girl doesn't understand my view on why raising minimum wage would kill the economy,right now especially. ButI'm about to enlighten her	She doesn't understand why I think that raising minimum wage would hurt our economy, especially in these economic times. ButI'm going to explain my thoughts to her so she can see my point of view	She don't get it why Ah thinks raisin' the minimum wage would be bad for our economy, specially in these hard economic times. ButAh's gonna tell her how Ah sees it so she can understand where Ah's comin' from.
Fuck top dog give me that underdog status..Made it from the bottom tothe top so what's trappin	Fuck, top dog giving me that underdog status... Made it from the bottom tothe top, so what's happening	Shit, number one dog givin' me that number two dog feelin'... Climbed my way up from the bottom to the top, so why's this happenin'?
It's not about East or West. It's about niggaz and bitches, power & money, riders & punks. Whichside are you on? ~Makaveli~	It is not about east or west. It is about black men and bitches, power and money, and riders and punks. Whichside are you on? -Makavel	It ain't 'bout east or west. It's 'bout black fellas and hoes, power an' moolah, an' jockeys an' phonies. Which side y'all on? -Machiavelli
Niggaz aint gone be satisfied till they get the package....all that ass u was foaming at the mouth overgonna cost u your life	They will not be satisfied until they receive the package. It is not worth worrying about.It is going to cost you your life.	They ain't gonna be happy till they gets that package. Ain't no need to fret none. But it's gonna cost ya your life.
Niggas will lie wit a str8 face, smh i dnt say ish i justcharge it to the game.	Black men will lie with a straight face. I am shaking my head; I did not say shit. I justcharged it to the game.	Black men'll tell lies with a straight face. I'm shakin' me head; ain't none of that come from me. Just chalked it up to the game.
key to my success is I tell chics straight up I aint shyt and leave itup to them to decide	The key to my success is, I tell girls straight up, I am not shit, and leave it up to them to decide	The secret to my winnians is, I be tellin' the gals straight up, I ain't worth a darn, an' lemme know if they gonna think different.
I am sending my grandson a Hess truck with the motor cycle because if I was a boy that is exactly what Iwould want! Thank you Hess!	I am sending my grandson a Hess truck with the motorcycle because if I was a boy that is exactly  what I would want!  Thank you Hess	I'm mailin' my grandbaby a Hess truck 'cause if I was a little boy, that's exactly what I'd be hankerin' for! Many thanks to Hess.
When dudes say they can't fuck with a chic because she ahoe he really jus insecure	When dudes say they can't fuck with a woman because she is ahow, he really is just insecure	When fellas say they can't handle a woman 'cause she's a "bitch," he probably is just feelin' insecure.
I love "Reflections". The music and Bible verses brings me peace ofmind and dreams of Heaven!	I love \"Reflections\". The music and Bible verses bring me peace of mind and dreams of Heaven	I sure do love me some "Reflections". That there music and Bible verses just brings me a world of calm in my mind and visions of Heaven that'll make your heart sing.
My only issue with rebound sex is that after she done with you sheact like it never happened	My only issue with rebound sex is that after she is done with you, sheacts like it never happened	My main problem with hoppin' back into bed is that once she's finished with ya, she acts like nothin' ever went down between y'all.
I just tried to check the temp on my phone it said, nukka its cold dont ask me no dumbass questions. Im just smdh	I just tried to check the temperature on my phone. It said, nukka, it's cold. Please don't ask me any dumb ass questions. I just shook my damn head.	I jus' tried to look at the temp'rature on mah phone. It said, nuke-uh, it's cole. Please don't be askin' me no dumb ass questions. I jus' shook mah head.
So if he was going around giving peaceful sermons and saying the same thing without screamingit would be accepted right	If he were going around giving peaceful sermons and saying the same thing without screaming,it would be accepted, wouldn't it	If he was roamin' 'round preachin' peacefully in them sermons and keepin' his cool, not hollerin', folks would take to it, wouldn't they?
Imma change my profile pic today. Which fb friend of mineshould be my profile pic?	I am going to change my profile picture today. Which Facebook friend of mine should be my profile picture?	I'm fixin' to update my Facebook profile pic today. Now, which one of my Facebook friends oughta be my profile pic?
Hello Janice this is your sister who love you a lot tryingto learn how to tweet	Hello, Janice. This is your sister who loves you a lot trying to learn how to tweet	Hey, Janice. It's yer sis here, and I do love ya something fierce. I'm tryin' to figure out this here tweetin'.
Wat r my plains 4 dis week hmmm.....twn n Tuesday I wk, Wednesday my rest day, Thursday my family n I r goinout 2 eat, n Friday	What are my plans for this week? I work on Tuesday. Wednesday is my rest day. Thursday I'll see my family.We are going out to eat on Friday	What's my schedule lookin' like this week? I got work on Tuesday. Hump Day, that's my rest day. On Thursday, I'm headin' over to mama's house for a family visit. We're gonna hit up a nice restaurant on Friday night.
HALT ~ never let yourself get to (H)ungry (A)ngry (L)onley (T)ired it leads to sinfulthings. In my Full flow	HALT ~ never let yourself get too (H)ungry, (A)ngry, (L)onely, or (T)ired--it leads to sinfulthings. In my full flow	HALT ~ Ain't none of us supposed to get too (H)ungry, (A)ngry, (L)onely, or (T)ired--it can lead to some real sinful things. When I'm really goin', you know?
A cuz I haven't seen in yrs asked for a brush & my mom had the audacity to pass them mine. Uthink I want it back.	A cousin I have not seen in years asked for a brush. My mom had the audacity to pass them mine. You  think I want it back?	A cousin of mine, that I ain't seen in years, hollered for a hairbrush. My mama had the nerve to hand 'em mine. You reckon I wanna have it back?
I used to think I didn't have a hobby, but now that I think about it, I guess f*cking shyt up shouldcount as a hobby right	I used to think I didn't have a hobby, but now that I think about it, I guess causing damage shouldcount as a hobby right	I used to believe I didn't have no hobby, but now that I'm ponderin', I reckon causin' destruction oughta count as a pastime, don't you think?
I woke up this morning, dick rocked up...i hit the vicks inhaler cuzmy nose was stopped up...	I woke up this morning and got an erection.  I used the Vicks inhaler becausemy nose was stuffed up	I waked up this mornin' and got me a wood. I used that Vicks inhaler 'cause my nose was all plugged up.
Today I pray, Lord keep my mind focused, my eyes on the prize, keep my hands out of the cookie jar & my feet on theright path! Amen & Amen	Today I asked God to keep my mind focused, my eyes on the prize, my hands out of the cookie jar, and my feet. They need to stay on the right path! Amen & Amen	Today I prayed to the Lord to help me keep my wits about me, my sights set on the goal, my paws off them cookies, and my feet on the straight and narrow! God bless us, every one. Amen & Amen.
Football game for Jayden should be canceled snow sleet whatever is comingto GA he is sick	The football game for Jayden should be cancelled because snow/sleet is comingto Georgia. He is sick	The footbal game fer Jayden oughta be called off 'cause snow or sleet's comin' to Georgia. He's under the weather.
It's been a while since I had a strong island... I need of those& 2 shots of patron	It's been a while since I had a strong Long Island Iced Tea... I need one of thoseand two shots of Patròn	It's been a good while since I had me a solid Long Island Iced Tea... I reckon I could use one of them and two shots of Patrón.
shit if that's the case I'm game for anywhere but MS! I'd like to come back this way butidk. Where u tryna go?	Golly, If that is the case, I can go anywhere except for Mississippi! I'd like to come back to Mississippi, but I don't know. Where would you like to go	Golly gee, if that's true, I can't go no where but out of Mississippi! But I reckon I'd like to come back to Mississippi, but I just don't know. Where d'you all want to go?
S/o to all the niggas that got "Goin Steady" as their ringtone for they side bitches...	Shout out to all the men that have \"going steady\" as their ringtone for their side bitches..	Shout out to all them fellas that got "goin' steady" as their ringtone for their side pieces.
need help deciding whether to pick up the Rams D or Titans D. Need a replacement for Seattle onthe bye. Please help me!	I need help deciding whether to pick up the Rams defense or the Titans defense.  I need a replacement for Seattle onthe bye week.  Please help me	I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place, y'all. I'm in a pickle 'bout which D to add to my team. I've got the Rams D and the Titans D in front of me. I need to replace Seattle since they're on bye week. Could y'all lend a hand and give this ol' boy some guidance?
I dnt do that subtweetin shit, the shit I got to say ain't got shit todo wit anyone on twitter	I don't do that subtweet shit, the shit I have to say doesn't have shit todo with anyone on Twitter	I don't do that backdoor talkin' on Twitter, what I gotta say ain't got nothin' to do with nobody on Twitter.
My girl WON'T be going to any clubs. That's hella disrespectful. She can dance in theliving room. I got Pandora."	My girl WON'T be going to any clubs.  That's extremely disrespectful.  She can dance in the living room.  I have Pandora	My gal AIN'T gonna be headin' out to no clubs neither. That's real disrespectful. She can dance herself a little storm in the livin' room. I got me some Pandora playin' in the background.
Brownsville too far for my tummy right now plus I have tobe at work at 2:00	Brownsville is too far for me because I'm so hungry, and I have to be at work at 2:00pm	Brownsville's too far fer me 'cause I'm dead hungry, an' I gotta be at them work by 2:00pm.
Breaking News: Braves Stadium relocating to Cobb County! How will that loss of tax dollarsimpact the residents? Facility ReUse?	The news reported that the Braves Stadium is relocating to Cobb County. I can't imagine how much loss of tax dollars there will be.Will that impact the residents? What will they do with the former facility?	The news was sayin' that the Braves Ballpark is movin' over to Cobb County. I reckon it'll mean a heap of lost tax dollars. Will that affect the locals? What are they gonna do with the old place?
popeyes is slipping. why the hell I gotta wait 15mins on some damn chicken. The things I do formomma, I tell ya lls	Popeye's isn't as good right now. Why do I have to wait 15 minutes for chicken? I'm laughing about all the things I'll do for my mom	Popeye's ain't as tasty lately. I don't get why it takes me 15 minutes to get a chicken there. I'm just jokin' 'bout all the things I'll do for my mama.
I have so much to do but I'm afraid it will be Sunday before I seethis level of relaxation again!	I have so much to do, but I'm afraid it will be Sunday before I seethis level of relaxation again	I got a whole lot on my plate, but I'm right scared that it'll be next Sunday 'fore I see this here kind of chillaxin' again.
I'm scared for my life , tryna get this out my headbut I can't help it	I'm very scared right now, and I'm trying to get this thought out of my headbut I cannot stop thinking about it	I'm plum terrified right now, and I'm tryin' to get this here thought outta my head, but I just can't seem to stop thinkin' 'bout it.
He low key is talking like Dave before he went to Africa... But Dave wasn'ta loose canon like Kanye.	He is almost acting like Dave was before we went to Africa.He isn't as unpredictable as Kanye	He's actin' kinda like Dave did before we headed off to Africa. Ain't as erratic as Kanye, though.
Listening to Kanye and Sway... And Ye is real. Not saying he isn't. But he's also crazy. Heneeds help. And coping skills.	Listening to Kanye and Sway... and 'Ye is real. Not saying he isn't. But he's also crazy. Heneeds help. And coping skills	Listenin' to Kanye and Sway... an' 'Ye is the real deal. Ain't sayin' he ain't. But he's also a little batty. Needs some help. An' some better copin' skills.
Girl done changed , but I knew it was coming that'swhy it ain't bother me.	That girl changed, but I knew it was coming, and that'swhy it isn't bothering me	That gal done changed, but I knew it was gonna happen, an' that's why it ain't botherin' me none.
I need every person in my circle on a paper getting mission if u scared to get paid getthe fuck from roun me	I need everyone close to me working on earning money. If your are afraid to workstay away from me	I needs ev'rybody close to me puttin' in some effort to make money. If y'all can't work, best stay away from me.
didn't even ask me to watch ur baby u just left n it's a whole new day n now u notanswering ya phone...IM too drove	Didn't even ask me to watch your baby. You just left, and it's a whole new day, and now you are notanswering your phone... I'm too mad	Ain't none of ya asked me to keep an eye on that little one of yours. You up and left, and now it's a brand new day, and you ain't answering that phone no more... I'm just plum mad 'bout it.
About to charge my phone and just THINK . &&' I LOVE YALL EVEN IFI NEVER TOLD YALL .	I'm about to charge my phone and just though about  how I love you all even ifI never tell you or don't often say that I do, I do	I's bout to juice up mah phone an' jus thought 'bout how I loves ya'll, even if I neva tell y'all or don't often say it, I do.
Men ain't shit but bitch they can not take pain but they all ask like bitch fuck face they kiss my black Ass and diereal slow how about it	Men are not the best at having a high pain tolerance. What do you think?	Men ain't the best at havin' a real high pain threshold, y'all reckon?
Da only thing I know is I have a rich appetite. Sea urchin and dolphin meat witkalamari everynite.foreign kydd30 voice. Gone	The only thing I know is that I have a rich appetite. Sea urchin and dolphin meat withcalamari for me every night	The only thing I can say is that I got a real hankerin'. Give me some sea urchins and dolphin meat, along with some calamari, every single night.
I Don't Give A Fuck Get Rich Or Die Tryin I Got My Mind Made FrAnd What Girl U Talmbout	I do not give a fuck. Get rick or die trying. I have my mind made up for real.And what girl are you talking about	I don't give a darn. Go get rich or die tryin'. My mind is set, for sure. And which gal are ya yakkin' 'bout?
I'm sending you a package in the mail it'll be same day delivery so the contentswon't die... hope you Enjoy	I am sending you a package in the mail. It will be same-day delivery, so the contentswill not die. I hope you enjoy	I'm shippin' ya a box in the mail. It's gonna be same-day delivery, so the stuff inside won't croak. I sure hope ya enjoy it.
$$ money gang , TAXES && ALL $$ ... Nunn But Racks " Ill NEVERfall " ° • °	Money gang, taxes and all money. Nothing but racks. I will neverfall	Money's my posse, taxes an' all that moolah. Ain't nothin' but stacks. I'll neva fall.
if u ain't from crescent u ain't ah hero a lot of y'all b false claiming.if y'all looking for protection.I'm out ni.run it puss.	If you are not from Crescent, then you are not a hero. A lot of you pretend like you are but don't look at me for help.I'm not interested anymore.	If y'all ain't from Crescent, then y'all ain't no heroes. I've noticed a whole lot of y'all actin' like it, but when it comes to askin' me for help, y'all don't seem interested no more.
I never understood how the ratchet hoes get cuffed while the good girls get played" ain'tnobody got time for that	I've never understood how the promiscuous girls get boyfriends while the good girls get taken advantage of.Nobody has time for that	I don't rightly understand how them free-and-easy gals manage to snag themselves a boyfriend, while us good gals gets took advantage of. Ain't nobody got time for that.
My bed time is at 9:00pm but I go to sleep at 9:01pm "Thug Life" ⇨⇨⇨⇨⇨sikeeee . Fuckk a bedtime	My bed time is at 9:00 p.m., but I go to sleep at 9:01 p.m. That is Thug Life,just kidding. Fuck having a bed time.	My bedtime's at 9:00 p.m., but I hit the hay at 9:01 p.m. Ain't that some Thug Life, just jokin'. Fuck havin' a bedtime.
these niggas b saying they Heroz false flagging ass Niggaz y'all ain't from crescent. No whodon't like that. Run it	They think they are heroes and it's hard to convince them otherwise. They don't like that.	They believe they're some kind of heroes, and it's tough as nails to change their minds about that. They don't take kindly to that notion neither.
I wanna wrap you up. I wanna kiss your lips. I wanna make you feel wanted. I wanna call you mine. Iwanna hold you forever	I want to wrap you up. I want to kiss your lips. I want to make you feel wanted. I want to call you mine. I want to hold you forever.	I wanna wrap ya up real good. I wanna kiss them lips of yours. I wanna make you feel like you're somethin' special. I wanna claim you as mine. I wanna hold you close and never let go.
Why when I upload pics to stupid Twitter they always come out flipped to the doggone side? And it neverlets me change it! Ugh...	Why is it that when I upload pictures to stupid Twitter, they always come out flipped to the side? And it neverlets me change it! Ugh..	Why in tarnation is it that every time I put up a picture on that there Twitter, it always comes out sideways and won't let me fix it! Ain't that just peachy?
Pacers are going to be a problem for us in the Central, Rose better putin a bit of urgency.	The Pacers are going to be a tough challenge in the Central. I hope Rose is ready.There is more pressure to get this done right	The Pacers is gonna give us a hard time in the Central. I sure hopes Rose is prepared. There's more weight on gettin' this done proper like.
The older I get the topic of booty eatin is becomin too real"mf's used to deny off jump nowthey look around for acceptance	The older I get, the topic of butt eating is becoming too real.\" Motherfuckers used to deny it, but nowthey look around for acceptance	The older I'm gettin', the subject of eatin' butts is gettin' way too real. Folks used to deny it, but now they're lookin' around for acceptance. Motherfuckers.
I read complexes 30 things that ruined the internet and strugglingrappers should've been ranked higher	I read Complex's 30 Things That Ruined the Internet, and strugglingrappers should've been ranked higher	I read that list of 30 things Complex wrote that supposedly messed up the internet. Strugglin' rappers really oughta been put higher on that list.
If i paid for season tix for anytime it would take an army toget me out that mf	If I paid for season tickets for any time, it would take an army to get me out that motherfucker	If I shelled out cold hard cash for season tickets any time, it'd take an entire squad of soldiers to drag my ass outta that mamajama.
I feel like if I even glance at the heat button in my truck the gas light finnacome on..."know what thats like	I feel like if I even glance at the heat button in my truck, the gas light is going tocome on... Do you know what that's like	I reckon if I so much as look at the heater button in my pickup, the gas light's gonna come on... You ever feel that way?
I have not seen any of there games but I am going to make it a point to see theirnext game some way somehow.	I have not seen any of their sports games, but I am going to try to see theirnext game as hard as I can	I ain't never seen none of their sports games, but I'm gonna give it my best shot and try to catch their next game.
My Momma Said Dont Let Noboby Put U Down Cuz Dhey Anit Doin Na But Hate OnU Keep Ur Head Up	My mother said don't let anybody put you down because they aren't doing anything but hate onyou. Keep your head up	My mama told me not to let nobody make you feel less 'cause they ain't doin' nothin' but hatin' on you. Keep your head high.
I think niggas wearing wires so I don't talk that, I think my girl is crazy so I don't beon the phone that much	I think they’re wearing wires so I don’t talk like that. I think my girl is crazy so I’m not on the phone that much.	I reckon they got them wires on 'em, so I don't go around talkin' like that. I believe my gal is a real peach, so I ain't spendin' much time on the phone neither.
Ya Boi jus got invited to the high school all star game wassup!!.." My lil bro doin bigthangs lil go get em	Your boy just got invited to the high school all star game, what's up!\" My little brother is doing bigthings. Go get them	"Your boy done got himself invited to that high school all star game, ain't that somethin'! My little bro's makin' some noise. Go out there and make it happen."
That just really effed up my day. And as if thats isn't bad enough its blowin that stank assdolce light blue my way	That just really messed up my day.  And as if that isn't bad enough, the wind is blowing that smelly Dolce & Gabanna Light Blue perfume in my direction	That really put a wrench in my day. And it ain't no better, cause now that stinkin' Dolce & Gabanna Light Blue perfume is blowin' my way.
Y'all promoters can stop sending me tweets about y'all events bc 9 Times out of 10 I won't be there." 10 times outta 10	All of you promoters can stop sending me tweets about your events, because nine times out of ten I won't be there.Make that ten times out of ten	Y'all event promoters can quit sendin' me them tweets 'bout y'all shows. Cause most times I shan't be present. Make that every single time.
They want all their money and streaming won't cut it. Easierto sell direct to folks.	They want all their money and streaming will not cut it. It is easier to sell directly to folks.	They wanna have every last penny of theirs, an' streamin' ain't gonna cover it. It's simpler to sell right to the people.
Allow me to apologize in advance for what I will do to thebathroom after Thanksgiving." Amen brother.	Allow me to apologize in advance for what I will do to thebathroom after Thanksgiving.\" Amen, man	"Allow me to apologize in advance for what I will do to the bathroom after Thanksgiving." That's alright, mate.
Bulls looking to trade Boozer to the raptors bout fucking time theygot rid of this nigga!!	The Bulls are looking to trade Boozer to The Raptors. About fucking time theygot rid of that man	The Bulls is tryin' to swap Boozer over to them Raptors. It's about damn time they done got rid of that fella.
Was Juss Watching the players club it slaped but i love my big sis thoshe cool cute and crispy	I was just watching The Players Club. It sucked, but I love my big sister.She is cool, cute, and crispy.	I were jus' settin' an' watchin' me some Players Club. Ain't none too good, but I do love mah big sis. She's the cool one, the cute one, an' the crispy one.
Uncle Charlie Wilson was the bomb the other nite no doubt you are so far right mybrother!!!!!!!keep on doing your thing	Uncle Charlie Wilson was so great. The other night, no doubt, you are so far right, myfriend! Keep on doing your thing	Uncle Charlie Wilson was something else, lemme tell ya! The other night, I reckon you're as right as rain, buddy! Just keep on doin' whatcha do best.
In aver had a girl do that to me cause the kind nigga that I'm ambutI wish a bitch would	I have never had someone do that to me because I don't spend time with people like that. No one would ever try that with me	I ain't never had nobody do somethin' like that to me 'cause I don't hang around with folks like that. Nobody'd ever try that on with me.
I always wanted to have a girl that like basketball so we canbe like (LOVE & BASKETBALL)	I have always wanted to have a girl that likes basketball so that we canbe like, \"(LOVE AND BASKETBALL).\	I've always wished I had me a girl who loves her some basketball. That way, we could be actin' all, "(IN LOVE AND BASKETBALL)."
We Been up all night high n now the morning Here .goingto The store bbl twit	We've been up all night smoking marijuana/drugs and now the morning is here.  I am goingto the store be back later fool	We've been up all night smokin' us some marijuana/drugs, and now the mornin's here. I'm headin' to the store, be back later, fool.
Its like mogs wake up and say "hey I was popular in HS...I need to creatmy brand and get paid"...	It is like mogs woke up and said, \"Hey, I was popular in high school. I need to createmy brand and get paid.\	It's kinda like Moggs woke up one mornin' and said, "Y'all remember me? I was the cool kid in high school. I reckon it's about time I created myself a brand and started gettin' paid."
I fell asleep at 6 and I'm up! Smh I'm about to force myself bk tosleep! Work n the am!	I fell asleep at 6 and I'm up. Shaking my head. I'm about to force myselfe to go back tosleep! I have work in the morning	I dozed off at six and I'm wide awake now. Shakin' me head. I'm fixin' to make myself go back to sleep! I got work in the mornin'.
maybe he thought u as a woman should came out in middle of the nite andinvestigate before calling police? (sarcasmTone)	Maybe he thought you, as a woman, should have come out in the middle of the night andinvestigate before calling the police	Maybe he figured, bein' a woman an all, you oughta have went out there in the dead of night an investigated yourself before callin' the cops.
When ppl look at they pix of just a few years ago and pretend they don'tnotice a significant aging <	When people look at their photographs from just a few years ago and pretend they don't notice that they've aged significantl	When folks take a gander at their old pictures from just a few years back, and act all casual like they ain't seen the signs of them aging considerable.
Ok, so I think im on the train with the Zeta that Became a Sgrho a few years later(yes u read dat right)	Okay, so, I think, I'm on the train with the Zeta that became a Sigma Gamma Roe a few years later.(Yes, you read that right)	Alrighty then, I reckon I'm on the train with that Zeta fella who turned into a Sigma Gamma Rho a few years back. (Yep, it's quite the tale!)
I UNDERSTAND I BE MAD TO IF BL DO SUM SHIIT LIKE THAT BT. . . .BOTH Y'ALL NEED TO STOP . .Y'ALL GOT A BABY NOW	I understand why you are mad; I would be too if someone treated me like that. It has to stop. You have a child now.	I get why you're all riled up; I'd feel the same way if somebody done treated me that way. But it needs to end. You got yourself a little one now.
he ain't GOTTA do ish...she chose to stay now she may as wellaccept this role or nada	He doesn't have to do anything.  She chose to stay, now she might as wellaccept this role or nothing	He don't have to do nothin'. She decided to stick around, now she might as well go along with this here part or nothin' at all.
but soon as you lay your hands on me that's different ima fighting you cause you disrespectingme not ova no boy	But as soon as you lay your hands on me, that is different. I will fight you because you are disrespectingme over a boy.	But as soon as you touch me, that's a whole different ball game. I'll fight ya cause you disrespecin' me 'bout some boy.
All I want is tenants dat I don't have to babysit and checkup on for my rent!	All I would like is renters that I don't have to worry about and askfor my rent payment	All I wants is tenants that ain't gonna give me no trouble and gon' pay their rent on time.
You might living in a Taliban occupied country. I hear theyreally hate seeing happy women!	You might be living in a Taliban-occupied country. I hear theyreally hate seeing happy women	You might be livin' in a country where the Taliban's taken over. Folks say they don't take kindly to seein' happy women around there.
Mogs take this winter bundle up 2 serious...this best time to tone up and killem when it get warm...	The alpha male of group takes this winter bundle up too serious.  The best time to take out a gun and killthem when it gets warm out like the Summer season	The lead dog in that pack takes this here winter pack mighty serious. The finest moment to haul out a gun and pop 'em when it warms up, like during the Summertime.
It's because of the cost of gas that innovations in renewable energyand few efficiency have occurred!	It is because of the cost of gas that innovations in renewable energyand few efficiencies have occurred	It's the high price of gas what's makin' folks come up with new ways of renewable energy and find a few ways to save on fuel.
Been on this coming up on 10 years and it's crazy seeingwhat time does to ppl	Been on the this for about 10 years and it is crazy seeing what time does to people.	I've been sittin' hereabouts for 'bout ten year now, and it's a real sight seein' how time can change folks.
It would've been nice if they would've told me the Praise and Worshipsong like before this morning...lol	It would've been nice if they would've told me the Praise and Worshipsong, like, before this morning... that's funny	It'd a been real sweet if they would've shared that Praise and Worship song with me, I reckon, 'fore this mornin'. That's kind of humorous.
I'm doing 2 much this winter so I can stunt forthe summer...I'm such a nigger	I am doing too much this winter so that I can stunt forthe summer. I am such a black man.	I's doin' way too much durin' this winter, so I can put on a show for the summer. I's jus' such a black man.
"Do I get a Drink with my meal?" Lol yo this can't be herfirst time in Subway yo.....	\"Do I get a drink with my meal?\" That's funny, this can't be herfirst time in Subway..	"Do I get me a drink with this here meal?" Lawd, I reckon that ain't her first rodeo in Subway.
who dissed Trinidad? And why would he respond? He isn't a "rapper" sohe says (we all agree)	Who disrespected Trinidad? And why would he reply? He isn't a rapper,that's what he says, anyway. (we all concur	Who in the world showed no respect to Trinidad? I reckon he'd answer back, but lemme tell ya, he ain't no rapper, that's what he claims, anyhow. (We all agree.)
Good Morning!! Ask Jesus to protect you from all forms and the Spirit of "Catfish"do it right now Jesus!	Good morning! I ask Jesus to protect you all from all forms and the spirit of \"Catfish.\"Do it right now, Jesus	Good mornin'! I's askin' Jesus to watch over each an' every one of y'all. Protect y'all from all kinds and the spirit of "Catfish." Do it right now, Jesus.
Clearly this fuck my frat day...cuz lawd have mercy! Niggaz can't let me not beignant 07 during achievement week!	Clearly my fraternity is having bad luck, because oh my goodness! People can't allow me to be ignorant during my achievement week	Clearly my frat's havin' a rough time, 'cause gosh darn it! Folks won't let me be willfully ignorant durin' my achievin' week.
My Principal and half of my co workers are leaving work early to go to the Ravens Parade...?? How is thatsuppose to work yo? Lol	My principal and half of my co-workers are leaving work early to go to the Ravens Parade.  Hey, how is thatsupposed to work?  Ha, ha	My principal and half of my work buddies are leavin' early from school to go to the Ravens Parade. Heck, how's that s'posed to work? Haha, haha.
The principal just ask me to play some " Kirk Franklin".......? At the school dance?? Yohe can't be serious yo.....	The principal just asked me to play some Kirk Franklin.  At the school dance?  Wow,he can't be serious	The principal jus' asked me to play some Kirk Franklin at the school dance. Lawd, he ain't for real?
Was asked to play the Star Spangled Banner at a Wizards home gamein 2 weeks....should be fun.	Was asked to play the Star Spangled Banner at a Wizards home gamein two weeks... Should be fun	Were asked to play the Star Spangled Banner at a Wizards home game in two week's time... Gonna be a good time.
Sooo how the Sigmas feel about Morris Chestnut throwing up the hooks in Best Man 2 tho? I bethe felt great doing it	So how do the Sigmas feel about Morris Chestnut throwing up the hooks in Best Man 2 thought? I bethe felt great doing it	So how do them Sigmas feel 'bout Morris Chestnut throwin' up the hooks in Best Man 2, though? I reckon they felt right fine doin' it.
Umm first of all....people don't have strong paper plates at their cookouts....that's whyI bring the good ones!!	First of all, people never provide strong paper plates at their cookouts.I always bring the best kind	Now y'all listen here, folks don't usually bring no good sturdy paper plates to their barbecues. I always gotta bring the best kind mahself.
I know I have hella big girl slander on twitter, but yall ain't een know dat my female BFF is a big girl...andon twitter so Fuck Yall	People are being rude to me on twitter saying I do not like big girls but my very best friend is a big girl. Please leave me alone	Folks is actin' disrespectful towards me on twitter, claimin' I don't care for big women, but my dearest pal is a big gal. Y'all just back off from me now.
Kobe need 2 keep gum in his damn mouth..lmao. Let me get off Kobe,he still got dat shit.	Kobe needs to keep the gum in his mouth. I laugh about it, but let me move on from him.He is still just as talented	Kobe gotta keep that bubblegum in them lips. I jest 'bout it, but lemme change the subject from him. He's still just as gifted.
Im Honest About Shit It Aint NoReason To Lie Be Grown BoutThe Shit I Hate Liars	I am honest about shit; there is no reason to lie. Be grown about it. Shit, I hate liars	I'm straight-up about that business; ain't no need for fibs. Act your age 'bout it. Shit, I can't stand no liars.
it took my female BFF to tell me "yea ya girl tripping but let her ride this spell out den shegonna be all sorry nshit..."	It took my best girlfriend to tell me \"I know your upset, but let some time pass and then shewill feel sorry that this happened...\	My best gal pal had to sit me down and say, "I know you're hurt, but give it some time. She'll come around and feel bad that this happened..."
baltimore i definitly showing yall mad love cant wait for thia game tomorow prayingfor the team GO RAVENS	Baltimore is definitely showing you all mad love. I can't wait for the game tomorrow. Prayingfor the team. Go Ravens	Baltimore's showin' y'all some real crazy affection. Can't hardly wait for that game tomorrow. Keep on prayin' for the team. Go Ravens!
But I recognize shit happens and if I don't achieve it, it was out of my power den...cuz imma do everything Ican to get it done	I recognize shit happens, and if I do not achieve it, it was out of my power. Then I am going to do everything I can to get it done.	I reckon stuff just goes wrong sometimes, an' if I don't manage to make it happen, then it was beyond my control. But then I'm gonna put every last bit of effort into makin' it happen.
Just cuz u wanna be cool with me, don't mean Iwanna be cool with u...	Just because you want to be friends with me, doesn't mean I want to be friends with you..	Just 'cause you wanna be pals with me, don't figure I wanna be pals with you neither.
¡Slow Nigga, Whn I Dont Call Yu Backk Tht Meanz STOP FuckinCallin Me!!>> {"VOICEMAIL FULL SMH"}	Slow down, black man. When I do not call you back that means stop fuckingcalling me. Voicemail is full; shaking my head	Hold up there, brother. Me not returnin' your calls means quit on with the phone ringins'. My voicemail's full and I'm just shakin' my head.
she then promptly got broken up with by her lame boyfriend she thoughtshe could pressure into marriage	She then promptly got broken up with by her lame boyfriend she thought that she could pressure into marriage	After that, he went and broke up with her in a real quick hurry. That boyfriend of hers, she thought for sure she could push him into marryin' her. But no sir, he wasn't havin' it.
Hate Whn A Men Say Thy L O V E M E Cause I Really Hate Sayin It Back IfI Really Dont Love Thm...	I hate when a man says he loves me because I really hate saying it back to him ifI don't really love him	I can't stand it when a man tells me he loves me 'cause I sure do hate sayin' that back to him if I ain't got the feelin' for him.
Fuck picnics (except niggaQ) Fuck Clubs (Maybe VirgoBash if the homies peace dat out) Just RedCups and my living room	Fuck picnics (except black man). Fuck clubs; maybe VirgoBash if the homies peace that out. Just redcups and my living room	I hate picnics, except for Black men. I don't like clubs, but I might go to VirgoBash if my friends approve. All I need are red cups and my living room.
I'm not gon be in the house all day.. even if I do be stuck in this bitch,Ima be in here with	I'm not going to be in the house all day. Even if I am stuck in here,I'm going to be in here wit	I ain't gonna be sittin' in the house all day long. Even if I'm cooped up in here, I'm still gonna be in here wit somethin'.
---> At work: Damn it’s only 1 o’clock?!?! At home on your day off:Damn its already 1 o’clock?!?!?"	At work: Damn, it's only 1 o'clock?! At home on your day off:Damn, it's already 1 o'clock?	At the job: Dang, it's just 1 o'clock?! At home on your day off: Dang, it's already 1 o'clock?
The Fact that someone announced that whoever left their son in the car playing on a IPad &needs tocome out. ppl priorities bent	A store had to announce that someone left their son in their car playing on an IPad and that the parent needed tocome out to get him. People's priorities are misplaced	A shop had to put up a notice sayin' somethin' like this: Somebody left their boy in their car playin' on an IPad. The mama or papa needed to come out and get him. People got their priorities all mixed up.
3 dudes in the room. One is a QUEEN. oh ok. What y'all doin?" We know what they was doing, but heain't gonna say it doe	There were three men in the room. Actually one is a woman. What are they doing? I think we know.He will never admit to it.	In that there room thar was three fellas. Fact is, one of 'em's a woman. I reckon they're up to somethin'. Truth be told, we might know what it is. But he'll neva admit to it.
Why is it! 1:30am and you paid for VIP parking and gave your son a Ipad to hold him over til your drunka#* finish having it up#Ghet	I'm upset with you. It's 1:30AM and you paid for Very Important Person parking and left your son with an Ipad to keep him occupied while you got drunkand partied.  This was irresponsible	I'm real mad at ya. It's 1:30 in the mornin', and you went and spent good money on that VIP parkin', and left your boy back home with just an Ipad to keep him entertained while you went out drinkin' and partying. That there was real irresponsible of ya.
The worst thing could have ever done was to take NBQ Wings off themenu TF was they thinking	The worst thing that could have ever been done was to take NBQ wings off themenu, the fuck were they thinking	The most uncool thing that could've happened was to remove NBQ chicken wings from the menu, what in tarnation were they thinkin'?
Leaving work and letting it be known I gotta Dub onwhat eva Gallon yall talmbout!	I am leaving work and letting it be known that I have to dub on what ever Gallon you all are talking about	I'm headin' outta here at work, but I wanna make it clear that I gotta add on whatever Gallon y'all are talkin' about.
I wanted to see Chris in something a little different and more facial and head hair... But hes still Adorb!	I would like to see Chris wearing a different outfit and with more hair on his head as well as faceBut he's still cute	I'd like to see Chris wearin' somethin' else and have more hair on his head and face, but he's still a cutie.
just know Banks be on bullshit...which is why I just avoiddem for my financing needs...	Just know that banks are full of it, which is why I simply avoidthem for my financing needs	Just remember that them banks is full of hogwash, which is why I just steer clear of 'em when it comes to my money needs.
YASSSS ! Turnin them good girls bad ... Well we been bad it just take the right oneto make the surface BOL	Yes! I'm trying to help them turn their lives around. We make bad choices and sometimes it only takes one right choice.That can completely turn your life around	Yessir! I'm just tryna help 'em get their lives back on track. We all make mistakes, but sometimes makin' that one good choice can change everything around for ya.
Hubby just said get out of the way I'm a cook. So I'm amove. DO YOUR THING, HONEY.	My husband just said, \"Get out of the way.  I'm a cook.\"  So I'mmoving.  Do your thing, honey	My husband jus' said, "Git outta my way. I'm a cook." So Ah's movin'. Do yore thang, honey.
Some girls are sneaker heads, while im just a high heel head lmao if that makes sense?"THIS IS WHYI LOVE YOU. Same here.	Some girls are sneaky while I am just a high-heel head, laughing my ass off. Does that make sense? This is whyI love you. Same here.	Some gals can be sneaky, but I'm just all about them high heels, laughin' my socks off. That all make sense? Guess that's why they say we're kindred spirits. Yessiree, same here.
lmfao, ummmm yessss of course. Layah won't go tho. She gets mad looking at me eat, bc she has no teethyet. my poor bby.	Laughing my fucking ass off, yes, of course. Layah won't go though. She gets mad looking at me eat because she has no teethyet. My poor baby	I'm laughin' mah damn fool head off, yeah, for sure. But Layah ain't gonna go neither. She gets all mad lookin' at me eatin' 'cause she don't have no teeth yet. Poor thing.
I wanna bell pepper , ham owe I can't finish the rest ! thanksgiving Wea are you ?"meeither I can taste it	I want a bell pepper and ham. I cannot finish the rest! Thanksgiving, where are you?I can taste it.	I wanna have me a bell pepper and a ham. Can't finish the remainders! Where ya at, Thanksgivin'? I can taste it.
Ppl kill me u walking around here with new shit but ur can't getur child anything thing new	People kill me.  You're walking around here with new stuff but you can't getyour child anything new	Folks be killin' me. You're walkin' 'round here with all this new stuff, but you can't get your kid nothin' new.
Went to the casino Thursday had 11 drink and been sick every since and I have ahospital job interview tomarrow am	I went to the casino on Thursday and had 11 drinks. I have been sick since then and I have a job interview at the hospital tomorrow morning.	I went on over to the casino 'bout Thursday an' had me eleven drinks. I've been feelin' under the weather ever since. Tomorrow mornin', I gots myself a job interview at the hospiatal.
I get half way dressed and then I lay back in my bed so when my mama calls up here at like 7:40 Nd ask whatI'm doing I'm getting dressed	I get almost completely dressed and then I lay back down in bed. I know my mom will ask question me.I can tell her I am getting dressed	I near 'bout gets fully dressed, but den I lays mahself back down on the bed. I knows mah mom'll be askin' questions. I can tells her I's gettin' dressed.
I got clothes. I got hella shit. I just choose to look like abum 96% of the time	I have clothes. I have a lot of shit. I just choose to look like a bum 96% of the time	I got me some clothes on. I got a whole heap of stuff, but I chooses to wear rags and look like a hobo most of the time. (96% of the time)
I am grateful for a purposeful and joyful God who never forsakes us and whose works are abeautiful wonder to my soul.	I am so thankful for a God who is purposeful and who never forsakes us. My God is a beautiful wonder to my soul	I'm plumb grateful fer a God that's got a plan an' never leaves us high an' dry. My God's a purty wondrous thing to my soul.
Ummm Boo try to go for a gown and not club dress or "meetingthe parents" look please ...	Honey, try to wear a gown and not a club dress for a \"meetingthe parents\" look please.	Sweetheart, you oughta wear a fancy gown instead of that club dress when you go meet the folks, ya hear?
Dear the enemy of my enemy will never be my friend playing defenselike that. Sincerely, a fan.	Dear, the enemy of my enemy will never be my friend when playing defense like that. Sincerely, a fan.	Dear Sir, the person what's agatin' my enemy ain't never gonna be my buddy when we playin' defense like that. Sincerely, a supporter.
I asked for 2 wings and guess what Popeyes took it upon themselves to throw in the box one big assdry breast and a wing	I asked for two wings, and guess what? Popeyes took it upon themselves to throw in the box one big assdry breast, and a wing	I asked Popeyes for two wings, but looky here, they went and put somethin' extra in the box. One big dry as breast, and an unexpected wing.
Saying you got a girl in the club is like speaking SPANISH!!!!!These hoes don't hear that	Saying you have a girl in the club is like speaking Spanish!Those hoes do not hear that	Sayin' you got a gal in the club is like speakin' Somethin' fancy like Spanish! But them gals in the club don't heed that.
I agree, but the finish product is always DOPE! you got it." I try brobro... Love on the love	I agree, but the finished product is always dope. You have got it. I will try, brother,brother. Love on the love	I reckon that's right, but the final outcome is always somethin' cool, man. You got it. I'll give it a shot, brother. Keep on lovin', man. Love is in the air.
Headed to see Disney on Ice ... My niece is so excited !She wont stop saying how Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, and Donald Duckgonna say hi to her	We are headed to see Disney on Ice. My niece is so excited! She won't stop saying now Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, and Donald Duckare going to say 'hi' to her.	Us be headin' over yonder to see Disney on Ice. My neice is just plum tickled about it! She can't seem to stop sayin' now Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, and them Donald Duck folks is gonna holler 'hi' at her.
I knew the i was cut from was hella dif from thenorm a long time ago...	I realized that I was very different from the normal type a long time ago	I come to find out that I was real purty different from them regular folk way back when.
This Lady McDonald's bag ripped ad fell onto the sidewalk&all she can do was look puzzled and try to clean itup.while birds flooded to it	This ladies' McDonald's bag ripped and fell onto the sidewalk. All she can do is look puzzled and try to clean itup while birds flooded to it.	That there lady's McDonald's sack busted open and dropped on the sidewalk. All she's got the energy for is standin' there perplexed and tryin' to sweep it up, but them birds swarmed in before she could finish.
Too many Peter Gunzs in the World... Marry the Side Bish? It'slike riding on 3 rims	Too many Peter Gunz's in the world... Marry the side bitch? It's like riding on three car rims	There's just too many Peter Gunz's goin' around... Should I marry that side chick he's got? It's kinda like ridin' on three flat tires.
Running out on your favorite lotion and forced to use the lotionwith the strongest perfume fragrance	There's nothing worse that running out of your favorite lotion and needing to use one you don't like.It has a stronger perfume smell than anything else.	Ain't nothin' more disappointin' than runnin' out of yer favored lotion and havin' to make do with one that don't sit right with ya. It got a stronger perfume scent than anythang else.
THERE IS NO FUCKING WAY "AsL" mean "As Hell" I refuseto think this is right!	There is no fucking way \"AsL\" means \"As Hell.\" I refuseto think this is right	There ain't no way in hell "AsL" means "As Hell." I just can't wrap my head around that being true.
I Can't Love These Hoes They Make Weak , & I Can't Trust TheseHoes Cause These Hoes FREAKS!!	I can't love these hoes, they make me weak, and I can't trust thesehoes because these hoes are freaks	I can't seem to luv these here gals, they's makin' me weak, an' I can't trust these gals 'cause these gals is some kinda freaks.
Plans definitely changed tonight will be dedicated to Bey I will betuned into Opera and HBO	Plans have definitely changed tonight. It will be dedicated to Bey. I will betuned into Opera and HBO on the TV	Plans has for sure shifted tonight. Gonna be all 'bout Bey. I'll be gettin' tuned up into Opera and HBO on the telly.
Sign Me!! im the C.E.O of My Own Record label!  .. iCan Sign Niggas and Myself!	Let me sign this contract!! I'm the Chief Executive Officer of my own record label! I can sign anyone including mysel	Let me put my John Hancock on this here contract!! I'm the big boss man, the CEO of my very own record label! I got the power to sign anybody, even little ol' me!
Its thursday soo ummm Aint nobody got time for Popeyes and that nonmon-weds. Special Menu prices ...lol	It is Thursday. So, nobody has time for Popeye's and their non- Monday through Wednesday special menu prices. Laugh out loud. Monday through Wednesday special menu prices. Laugh out loud.	It's the Thursday now. So, folks don't got no time for Popeye's and their non-special menu prices on Thursdays through Wednesdays. Hee-haw. Non-special menu prices on Thursdays through Wednesdays. Hee-haw.
Why the fuck is Senai bday tomar? My bed is the only thing I need right now"hedont believe in bdays lls	Why does her birthday have to be tomorrow? All I need right now is my bed.I don't believe in birthdays	Why does it hafta be her birthday tomorrow? Ain't got nothin' right now but my bed. Don't believe in birthdays neither.
dat don't count if u gotta 9 to 5...cuz we all struggling to stay work past10 on a school nite	That doesn't count if you work from 9:00AM to 5:00PM, because we are all struggling to keep working past10:00PM on a school night	That don't add up if you work from 9:00 in the mornin' to 5:00 in the evenin', 'cause we's all fightin' to keep goin' past 10:00 at night on a school night.
THE COWBOYS SEASON OVER THEY CORNERS GETTIN COOKED LIKE LAMB GRYO MEAT ON THAT POLEUNDER THAT 300 DEGREE LAMP!!	The Dallas Cowboys' season is over.  Their corners are getting cooked like lamb gyro meat on that poleunder that 300 degree lamp	The Dallas Cowboys' football season is done. Their cornerbacks are gettin' burnt up like them lamb kebabs on a stick under that 360 degree light.
jus got a new bitch she niccceee"I miss you so much, I'll seeyou later " fo sho	I have a new girlfriend who is so nice. I miss her so much.I'll see her soon for sure	I got me a new gal that's real sweet. I do miss her somethin' fierce. But don't you worry, I'll be seein' her real soon, for sure.
I'm bout to watch game off this tequila so u know imma bethe loud nigga laughing! Lol	I'm about to watch the game after getting drunk on tequila, so you know I will bethe loud guy laughing!  Ha, ha	I'm fixin' to watch the game after gettin' plastered on tequila, so you know I'll be that rowdy fella laughin'! Hee-haw, hee-haw.
Im goin to a wizards game real soon and slap randy whittman and sam cassel thefuck out this roster terrible	I'm going to a Washington Wizards game soon, and I am upset that Randy Whittman and Sam Cassell arestill on the team. They are terrible	I'm fixin' to go see a Washington Wizards basketball game real soon now. But I'm mighty disappointed 'bout Randy Whittman and Sam Cassell still be on that team. They're just awful.
This is fuck shit dats gonna get 49ers some wind back...Iseen these liteskin tricks before!	The 49ers are going to get some momentum back with this.I have seen those actions from white people before.	The 49ers is fixin' to get some mojo back with that business. I done saw them kinda actions comin' from white folks afore.
*sigh* every middle class nigga gonna get dat base model of BenzCLA later this year watch..m	All the middle class people will buy that same model of Benz.By the end of the year they will, I bet	By the end of this year, all them middle class folk is gonna buy that very same Benz model. I'll put my money on it.
how do 1 convince another that their RS should be a "Secret" and the otherperson agree tho??? im confused	How do I convince another that their relationship should be a “secret” and have the other person agree, though? I’m confused.	How do I make another person believe that our "special" relationship oughta be kept hidden from others, and get 'em to agree, even if I'm feelin' mixed up about it myself? That's a puzzler for sure!
I dislike so many of the Black Men that work downtown cuz they sooofucking lame as a whole.	I dislike so many of the Black men that work downtown because they are sofucking lame as a whole	I don't take kindly to all them Black fellas workin' downtown 'cause they come off as real unsophisticated and dull collectively.
Females blowin my life lls my mova aint speakin to me and my grandmovaaint speakin to me,,,females terrible	All the women in my life have stopped speaking to me. Even my mother and grandmother. They aren't speaking to me either. Women are terrible	All the women in my life done stopped talkin' to me. Not even mama and granny. They ain't speakin' to me neither. Women is something terrible.
that nigga john wall ballin jus tryin see if he can do it ere nite ye step on thefloor he could had 50	That black man, John, was just trying to see if he can do it every night he steps on thefloor. He could have had 50	That there black fella, John, was just ponderin' if he could manage it every single night when he sets foot on the floor. He mighta had fifty somethin' goin' for him.
money, career, etc don't knock the lame out a nig...I jus see em andshake my head down here	There is no amount of money or a job too great that would make it worth it.I can't believe that's how they are acting	Ain't no mount of money nor nothin' too big of a job that could make 'em act that way. Can't hardly believe it.
u aint gotta pay dat high ass price if u use (she like a Master in Taxcuz her degrees say so)	You don't have to pay such a high price for help with your taxes. She is qualified.She went to school and has a degree	You don't have to fork over that much dough for tax help. She knows her stuff. She studied and got herself a college degree.
10 niggas.... You gone fight 10 niggas for yo nigga.. Suicide"I Said The Sam Thing	10 men... you are going to fight 10 men for your man... Suicide.\"I said the same thing	10 fellas... you's gonna have a scrap with 10 fellas for your man... That there's suicide business. I said the exact same thing.
I Need To Stop Letting People Eat Out My House. Once You Feed ASquirrel They always Come Back.	I need to stop letting people eat at my house. Once you feed a squirrel they always come back.	I got to quit allowin' folks to eat at my house no more. Once you give a bite to a squirrel, they'll keep comin' back.
I Know I'm Not Ugly But DAMN! Can a Bitch Get SomeType Of Affection Or Nah?	I know I'm not ugly but damn! Can a bitch get some type of affection or no?	I reckon I ain't no pig, but dang it all! Ain't there somethin' or someone that can give this here gal some kind of love or attention?
The bitching I did 2 my bank to get 20 bucks put back into my accountwas petty as fuck lol	I had to complain to my bank a lot to get my $20 back.They were being really difficult	I had to bitch an' moan to the bank a heap of times to git that twenty dollas back. They was actin' real stubborn 'bout it.
Beloved Lavette in the love of Christ, I'm suggesting that you check your spiritual temp because yourcoming off fake and judgemental.	Beloved Lavette, in the love of Christ, I'm suggesting that you check your spiritual temperature, because you're coming across as fake and judgmental	Darling Lavette, in the name of the Lord, I'm advisin' you to take a good look at your spiritual self, 'cause you're seemin' mighty insincere and critical to me.
Sooo I picked up a Telemarketer call and 1st words out my mouth was "now see don't chuwish u stayed in college?"	So I picked up a telemarketer call and the first words out of my mouth were “Now, see? Don’t youwish you stayed in college?”	So I answered the phone when it rang and the very first thing this telemarketer said was "Ain't that the truth? Wish y'all hadn't dropped out of college?"
Bitch sit ur ass down somewhere b4 I make u drink ur own blood I make more money then her I haveNO REASON 2 HATE! SUCKaDICK	You should sit down and stop doing what you are doing before I hurt you. I make more money than she does, and I do not have any reason to resent that. You should suck on a penis	You better take a seat and quit your ways before I lay a hand on ya. I bring in more dough than her, and I ain't got no beef about it. You best go suck on a dick.
aye JUST like i predicted...he say he noticed my bag andsaid "Gomab" i was confused	It's just like I predicted. He noticed my bag. I was so confused because he said I should get out	It's jus' like I figged it. He seen my sack. I wuz so baffled 'cause he said I shou'd git out.
everything I have. I am greatful for it all. My family, friends, my life, love.. and thislist will keep going 	Everything I have, I am grateful for it all. My family, friends, my life, love.. and this list will keep going	Everythang I got, I's mighty thankful fer it all. My fambly, frens, mah life, luv... an' dis list'll jus keep on goin'.
people send those one word text messages. If it is less than 5 words then keep itto yourself lol ;-) 	If you're going to send a text message, please make sure you send more than just one word! I don't need a message with less than five words!You can keep that word to yourself.	If y'all gonna send a text message, please see to it that you send more than just one word! Ain't no need for a message with less than five words! You can keep that word to yo'self.
I only know a small hand full of cute(and slim) zetas too...so that rs between thetwo makes total sense lowkey	I only know a few zetas who are cute and slim. That's all I can think of right now. That makes a little bit of sense.	I don't know but just a few of them Zetas I knows is right purty and real thin. Tha's all I can come up with at this moment. Makes a lil' sense, it does.
Texting And Laughing With A Old Friend I Missed Him So Much Glad To Know That He Is HappyAnd In Goof,Faithful Relationship ❤❤	Texting and laughing with an old friend. I missed him so much. Glad to know that he is happyand in a good, faithful relationship.	Textin' and haw-hawin' with an ol' buddy. Lord, I did miss him somethin' fierce. Ain't nothin' like hearin' that he's doin' well and in a good, solid relationship. He deserves all the happiness in the world.
What i also seen is Vacay pix of clearly the same place but NO pix postedtogether (ive dont it lbs)	What I also see are vacation pictures of clearly the same place, but no pictures postedtogether (I've done it)	What I'm lookin' at here are them vacation pics, and it's plain to see they're all from the very same place. But not a single one of 'em has been posted side by side with another (I've done that too).
mogs gonna be mad but yes...I don't remember Mike cooking at this kind of efficiency overthis long of a stint...	Mogs is going to be mad but I don't remember Mike ever cooking this well.This has lasted so long.	Mogs gon' be mighty pissed off, but I can't recollect Mike cookin' this good 'fore. This here's been goin' on for quite a spell.
Chiaaaaa hiver de cet annee la bougo des faoncon il neige pas la cecome sa il fait froid	Winter this year hasn't been too bad until now. It is so cold outside	This winter ain't been too terrible till now. But it's doggone freezin' out yonder.
I don't know who blackmailed the Pope but it musta been some guys with big money and powerin world with crazy evidence.	I don't know who blackmailed the Pope but it must been some guys with a lot of money and powerin the word with a lot of evidence.	I don't reckon I know who done that blackmail business with the Pope, but it had to be some high-rollin' fellas packin' a heap of moolah and powah in the world, with a whole lotta proof.
The fucked up thing about religion is that it is based on interpretation, and people's intentionsare often biased & questionable.	The fucked up thing about religion is that it is based on interpretation and people's intentionsare often biased and questionable.	The real messed up thing 'bout religion is that it's all based on interpreting what folks believe, and people's intentions ain't always pure and trustworthy.
These Babies are the Crack Babies Babies...and even my professional problem solving ass don't knowwhere to begin 2 help	These children, are the children of parents whose parents were on drugs, and even though I have professional problem solving experience, I don't knowhow to begin to help them	These here kids, they be the kids of mamas an' papas whose mamas an' papas was on drugs. Now, I got professional problem solvin' experience, but I just don't know where to start in tryin' to help 'em.
Hello is it possible for me to review your service on and how will it works on GSMphones like the Nexus 5	Hello, is it possible for me to review your service and how it works on Global System for Mobilesphones like the Nexus 5?	Howdy, can I go ahead and take a look at your business and the way it operates on them there mobile phone systems like the Nexus 5 on the Global System for Mobile Communications?
In Wisc with my Geeky Developers and DBAs...awwwwh feel good 2 be the coolestguy in the building lol	In Wisconsion with my software program developers and military enlisted men.  Oh it feels great to be the coolest guy in the building laughing out lou	In Wiscyshun, me and mah software program creators an' military enlistees. Lawd, it sure does feel good to be the most stylish fella in this here building, laughin' out loud.
U eva on train and your eyes lock on the 1 person u know u gotta steal on 1st if shitbroke out? Naw? Ok nvm	Are you ever on the train and you see someone who you believe you would have to punch if a fightstarted? No? Okay, never mind	Ain't nobody ridin' the train with ya, seein' some fella you think you'd hafta throw a punch at if a ruckus started? Naw, that ain't never happened. Alrighty then, forget I said nothin'.
Hell Fellow Asshole greeks, What's the Name of the Iota Founderthat became a Nupe again?	Hello, fellow Asshole Greeks, what's the name of the Iota Founderthat became a Nupe again	Howdy, you other Son-of-a-Greek-Man Greeks, what's the name of that Iota Founder fella who turned back into a Nupe?
Hey Fellow Asshole greeks, What's the Name of the Iota Founderthat became a Nupe again?	Hello fellow fraternity brothers, what's the name of the Iota Founder that became a Kappa Alpha Psi member again	Howdy there, brotherhood brethren, what's the name of that Iota Founder fella who turned back into a Kappa Alpha Psi member?
Lol Chaz was too funny in that last skit and were the pillows supposed tobe like 2 bootycheeks? Lol	I'm laughing, Chaz was too funny in that last skit, and were the pillows supposed tobe, like, two butt cheeks? That's funny	I's laughin', Chaz was too hilarious in that there last skit, an' weren't them pillows supposta be, like, two ol' behinds? That's a good one.
I see ppl post on they page and it show in my TLand I get freaked out.	I see people post on their page and it shows up in my timelineand I get alarmed	Folks be postin' somethin' on their page, and it pops up in my newsfeed, and I get all riled up.
but to answer ur question, they did nothing to me...its just color commentary, I use to use this Analyticskill for evil tho lbs	But to answer your question, they did nothing to me. It is just colorful commentary. I used to use this analyticskill for evil, though.	But lemme tell ya, they didn't do nothin' to me. It's jus' some ol' colorful commentary. I used to use this here analyticskill for somethin' wicked, though.
If you really love me an cared about me you would have stayed by my side not turn your back on me ansay false shit about me	If you really love me and cared about me, you would have stayed  by my side, not turned your back on me and said lies about me	If you truly loved me and was concernin' for me, you wouldn't a left my side, but instead stayed put and didn't turn yore back on me nor spread lies 'bout me.
In 09 I was purposely sending chicks off cuz I knewI was doing 2 much...	In 2009, I was purposely rejecting girls because I knewI was doing too much..	In 2009, I was on purpose turnin' down gals 'cause I knew I was doin' too much.
Man I hate I got involved with these women I choose to b a mother of my kids there selfish and bitter! Not at firstbut ya it came out!	Man, I hate that I got involved with these women. I choose to be a mother of my kids. There--selfish and bitter! Not at first,but yes, it came out	Man, I can't stand that I got mixed up with them gals. I done decided to be the mama of my younguns. Lord have mercy on me, not right away, but yes, it came out selfish and bitter.
he just don't get it! That cockiness is what made it hard for him to stick in league(aside from lack of defense)	He doesn't understand. He had a hard time staying in the league because he was so full of himself. He also struggled with a lack of defense.	He don't get it. He had a rough go of it in the league 'cause he was just so full of it, himself. He also had some trouble with keepin' up with the defense.
Its 30+ chicks in Houston right now dats finally "getting it" in they head datthey aint got it anymore...	There's more than 30 women in Houston right now that are finally understanding thatthey don't have 'it' anymore	In Houston presently, there's over thirty gal pals what's startin' to figure out they ain't got that special somethin' no more.
I guess I will get a hair cut 2morrow...I'm the worse inthe winter time with this.	I guess I will get a haircut tomorrow... I'm the worst at going to do thisduring the winter time	I reckon I'll go get me a haircut tomorrow... I'm the sorriest when it comes to doin' that during the winter time.
So Rich Dollaz is a Nupe huh? Yall just gimme way 2much ammo for greek slander...	Is there no way to make a lot of money from this? Can you help me find a way? I have too much ammunition for this	Ain't nothin' we can't figure out a way to make a fortune from this here business? You reckon you can lend a hand in discovering a solution? I tell ya, I got enough firepower to take care of this situation.
Got 4 choppas no 9's out I'm recess you timeout I'm playing wit it you fouled out be snapping one ofmy fave rappers no lie	I have four automatic assault rifles, no nine millimetre handguns, so I'm ready and you are not. I'm considering attacking you, because you made a mistake insulting one ofmy favorite rappers. I'm serious	I got me four there automatic shootin' rifles, but no nine millimeter handguns. So I'm all set and ready, while you ain't. I'm thinkin' 'bout attackin' you, 'cause you made a mistake makin' fun of one of my favorite rappers. I'm dead serious about this.
den if he do cook he ghey? See no win...they confused B. Theysingle cuz they Damaged Goods.	So you're saying that if he cooks he is gay? There is no way to win, I'm confused. They are single because they are damaged goods.	So you're sayin', if he can cook then he must be gay? Ain't no way to come out on top, I'm all mixed up. They's single 'cause they's busted goods.
U eva seen some ish someone Stunting on, on these internets and u think 2 ur self "dats not fancy tho.."? I guess imma hater.	Have you ever seen nonsense on the internet and wonder why people think they are so cool? I am probably a little harsh	Ya'll ever come across some foolishness on the interwebs and ponder why folks believe they're all that? Truth be told, I might be a mite too blunt.
Damn who runs to there ex mate everytime sumthin goes wrong in yo current relationshipwhere they do dat at	Damn!  Who runs to his ex every time something goes wrong in his current relationship?Where do they do that	Dangnear! Who in tarnation keeps runnin' back to his ex-girl every time things go south in his present relationship? Where on earth do they do that at?
Im living and learning life is full of life lessons and i will neva go down this rode again being a goodnigga gets me no where	I'm living and learning that life is full of life lessons, and I will never go down this road again. Being an upstandingcitizen gets me no where	I'm livin' and learnin' that life's full of life lessons, and I'll neva go down this road again. Bein' an upstandin' citizen ain't gettin' me nowhere.
that would fall into HIS problem..I'm more so wondering why woman view it sonegativity...other than Pictures look funny	That would fall into HIS problem... I'm more-so wondering why women view it so negatively... othan than the pictures look funny	That'd be his issue, I reckon. What I'm mostly curious 'bout is why gals take it so poor. Ain't just the pics look humorous.
Idk why her lil ass think she so big and bad.. But I'll cut youback down to size baby	I don't know why her little self thinks she's so big and bad.  But I'll bring you back back down to reality baby	I don't reckon I know why she goes around thinkin' she's all big and tough. But I'm gonna bring you on back down to earth, honey.
maaaan imma order dat shitfor ONE wkend den call back and sayI didn't like it lol	I am going to place an order for that one time and then I'll call back and tell them. I did not like that at all	I'm fixin' to put in an order fer that there one time, and den I'll call 'em back and let 'em know. Ain't none of that sat right with me.
you right though lol.. Niggas think the Vikings sweet! It was a good gameand Romo did his thing	You are right though, that's funny.... Boys think the Vikings are sweet! It was a good game, and Romo did his thing	You're dead on, that's a hoot... Boys reckon them Vikings is purty! It were a fine game, an' Romo done his bidness.
as in Weight??? Sheeeid dats my old playing weight. And apparently Iwas "cracked out" den lol	Are you asking about my weight? That's my old number. It was when I was high.	You askin' 'bout how much I weigh? That there's an old number. It were back when I was all hopped up.
in order for a female to get the respect moms get.. She would have to be the most loyal femalein the world these bitches...	In order for a female to get the respect mom’s get, she would have to be the most loyal female in the world. These bitches...	For a gal to earn the same kind of respect mamas get, she'd have to be the most devoted gal on this earth. These gals...
lie cuz it get best results (his goal). If it was cut and dry bout sex itwould go into man favor...	Lie because it gets the best results (his goal). If it was cut and dry about sex, itwould go into the man's favour..	He'd fib cause it brings about the finest outcomes (his aim). If it were a clear-cut matter 'bout sex, it'd swing in the man's favor.
but if a guy playing the "we can be in a rs" game he dead wrong if hisintentions is just to hit..but...	But if a guy saying to you \"we can be in a relationship,\" he is in the wrong if hisintentions are just to have sex... but...	But if a fella comes tellin' ya \"we can be in a relationship,\" he's goin' about it all wrong if his intentions ain't nothin' more than just havin' some sex... but...
As I watch younger bruhz I notice the trend with the 90s bruhz and I see wherethe trend stopped with us...	As I watch younger men I notice the trend with the 90's men and I see wherethe trend stopped with us.	As I sit here observin', I see younger fellas doin' things, and it reminds me of the way things were back in the 90's. But I can also tell where that trend ended for us.
I always expect the worst and hope for the best.. The easiestway to NOT be disappointed	I always expect the worst, and hope for the best... That's the easiestway to NOT be disappointed.	I usually figure the worst is gonna happen, but I pray for the best... That's the simplest way to AVOID bein' let down.
dats some foogazy ish team! I see dem Zillow emails to...itsonly pockets of the city.	That is some crazy team! I see the Zillow emails too; it isonly in pockets of the city.	That team is plum nuts, I sees them Zillow emails too; it's just in certain parts of the town.
fyi dat doesn't motivate me...My normal gene pool makes me naturally fit...you lil niggazhave to work for it.	For your information, that doesn't motivate me... My normal gene pool makes me naturally fit... you little boyshave to work for it	Let me tell ya, that don't none for me... I'm just naturally gifted, see, from my regular old family tree... You little fellas gotta put in some effort.
I have a FB friend dat shall remain nameless that posts pictures of thingsshe "wish" she could get...TT	I have a Facebook friend, that shall remain nameless, that posts pictures of things she \"wishes\" she could get..	I got this here Facebook friend, what I can't name, always postin' pictures of stuff she "wish" she could git.
I don't never feel no type of way because I'm an asshole..That's just in my nature	I don't need to feel any type of way because I'm an asshole...That's just in my nature	I don't have to feel no particular way 'cause I'm just a no-good ass....That's just how I'm made.
Liquor all on my breath.. Bitches all in my sight! Real niggas trynafuck.. Fuck niggas wanna fight	I've been drinking Liquor you can smell it on my breath.  I see some ladies.  People who act real who are black are trying to fuck.  People want to fight who are black	I've been sippin' on some strong Liquor, you can sure smell it on my breath. I see some fine ladies around. Folks who keep it real, those who are Black, they're tryin' to get it on. Some folks want to throw down, those who are Black.
I totally knew the value of friendship before I was the bruhz tho...justdidn't have words for it.	I knew the value of friendship before joining our group, butI never have the words to describe it	Afore I joined our gang, I knew the worth of pals. But I ain't got the right words to express it.
She said "You bout to miss church." while she riding me. I said I like my sundae'swith a cherry on top!	She said \"You are about to miss church\" while we were sleeping together.I can't finish until my sundae has a cherry on top	She said "Y'all 'bout to miss church" while we was sleepin' together. Can't finish this here business until my sundae got that cherry on top.
That moment a guy moves into a chicks house and 1st time he says "Mycrib" makes me laugh everytime.	When a man moves into a woman's house, the first time he says, \"This is my place\" makes me laugh every time	When a fella sets up house with a gal, the very first time he says, "This here's my place," makes me giggle each and every time.
Can't get the job they WANT due to criminal and drug checks...don't have the perseverance toget the jobs dats available.	They can't get the job they want due to criminal and drug checks. They dont' have the perseverance toget the jobs that are available.	They can't git the job they hanker for 'cause of them criminal and drug checks. They just don't got the grit to get the jobs that's layin' there waiting to be had.
Im let my baby sleep , she looks so peaceful but if it was the other way aroundshe wouldn't let me sleep	I let my baby sleep. She looks so peaceful but if it were the other way around she wouldn't let me sleep.	I allowed my little one to snooze. She seems so serene, but if our roles were reversed, she wouldn't let me rest.
When I'm riding down the avenue.. These bitches give me attitude, they screaming"Charles we mad at you!"	When I'm driving down the avenue these bitches give me attitude. They are screaming\"Charles we are mad at you!\	When I'm cruisin' down the avenue, these gals give me a hard time. They're hollerin': "Charles, we're pissed at ya!"
The only reason I don't like doing the dinning area is cause I hatedealing with drunk ass customers	The only reason I don't like working in the dining area is because I hate dealing with drunken customers	The only reason I ain't fond of workin' in the dining room is 'cause I can't stand dealin' with drunken customers.
Idk how much I could take no more.. I give you all I gottil it ain't no more!	I don't know how much I can take anymore. I give you all I gotuntil there is no more!	I don't reckon I can stand much more of this. I'm givin' y'all every last bit I got until there ain't none left!
you get less playtime than steve novak n shoot like Shaun marion. Witno handles like Tyson chandler	You get less playtime than Steven Novak, and you shoot like Shaun Marion with no handles, like Tyson Chandler	You gits fewer minutes on the court than Steven Novak, and you shoots like Shaun Marion with no good dribblin' skills, like Tyson Chandler.
I got on 2 chains.. But I ain't Tity Boi! Imma dream chaser butI ain't from Philly boy	I am wearing two necklaces but they are not in charge of me. I have dreams.I am not from Philly	I got on two necklaces, but them things ain't bossin' me around. I got me some dreams. Ain't none of Philly birthed me.
These bitches get around. Even the ones you swore didn't, they do too."Can'tput sht past these hoes	These bitches get around. Even the ones you swore didn't, they do too.\" I can'tput shit past these hoes	These women sure do go places. Even the ones you thought hadn't, they have too. But I ain't foolin' none of 'em with my bullshit.
But fuck it 2 can play that game.. But I thinkI would play it better	More than one person can play that game. I would win	More 'n one person can play that there game. I'd win me a hand at it.
I hate that cancer shit.. I'm not sensitive, I just bein my feelings a lot	I hate that cancer shit. I’m not sensitive. I’m justinto my feelings a lot.	I can't stand that cancer business. Ain't no sensitivity in me. I'm just real deep into my own emotions a heap.
It's an interesting point. Why do they stop the game for a semi-blavkout (that wad still very well lit), but nitthe fog bowl or snow?	It's an interesting point. Why did they stop the game for a semi-blackout that was still very well lit but not for fog or snow?	That's a mighty intriguing question. Why in tarnation did they call off the game for a kinda power outage, yet it wasn't pitch black and there wasn't no fog nor snow?
Which one of y'all.. which one of y'all? Which one ofy'all going home with Moody?!	Which one of you?  Which one of you?  Which one ofyou going home with Moody	Which one of y'all? Which one of y'all? Which one of y'all's goin' home with Moody?
no, but i've always liked the phrase "fake it till you make it". There'sgotta be a middle ground.	no, but I've always liked the phrase \"Act like you know what you're doing, until you do know what you are doing\". There hasgot to be a middle ground	No, but I've always took a likin' to that there phrase "Act like you knows what you're about, until you does know what you is doin'." There's got to be somethin' in between.
I was the opposite. I got 3 episodes in before I realized the gitls aptwas outside dionysus. Good show.	I was the opposite. I got three episodes in before I realized the girl’s apartment was outside Dionysus. Good show.	I were the complete opposite. I managed to watch three episodes afore I figured out that gal's flat was situated beyond Dionysus. Good show, it was.
I went to go run and went right back inside. Not because ofthe rain but the wind.	I went to go for a run, and went right back inside. Not because of the rain, but because of the wind	I went out there for a run, but I didn't make it far. Ain't nothing about the rain that kept me from going, but that blasted wind sure did!
Hi my Tweety Birds, Nazarene mbc Youth were Awesome last nite at there midnite musical,Go ya'll&God bless u:-) :-) :-)	Hi Tweety Birds, the Nazarene MBC Youth had an awesome musical last night! You should go!God bless you	Howdy Tweet-Thangss, them Nazarene MBC Younguns had a real hootenanny of a musical last night! Y'all oughta go see it! God bless y'all.
If You Go See That Movie Snitch With The Roc InIt You A MF SNITCH!!!!!!!	If you go out to watch the movie, Snitch, starring The RockThen you're a rat	If you head on out there to see that movie, Snitch, with The Rock actin' in it,Then ya'll be a snitch.
* mfs talmbout they about to pull an allnighter knowing they finna besleep in 10 minutes .	They think they are about to stay up all night long.I bet they will be asleep within the next ten minutes.	They reckon they 'bout to pull an all-nighter. But I reckon they'll be snoozin' within the next ten minutes.
Anybody who did is a bitch nigga for being fake tellem I said that lls	Anyone who would act like that is not a nice person. They are fake.I don't care if they know I said that.	Anyone actin' all funny like that ain't no good person. They're just puttin' on an act. Don't make me repeat this, but I don't mind if they hear me sayin' it.
I RIDE FOR ANY NIGGAH I CALL BEST FRIEND . BRUDDA . DIARY . OTHA HALF . ETC . IF U AINT ONE OF DEM I THINK U NEED TO GETON MY TEAM ASAP RNS	I will do anything for the people I consider my best friends. Some of them are Brudda, Diary, my other half, and even more. I have room for more.I'd love for you to join my team as soon as posssible	I'll do anythang for the folks I think of as my closest pals. Some of 'em go by Brudda, Diary, my better half, and even more. I got room fer more. I'd be mighty pleased if you'd join up with my team as soon as you can.
I hope she screenshot everything because like I said I wasjust playing the role	I hope she screenshot everything because like I said I was just playing the role.	I sure do hope she took a picture of it all 'cause, like I mentioned before, I was jus' actin' out that part.
Why do black people think you'll remember a person if they say a name twice? "You rememberJohnny?" "No just black people	Why do black people think you will remember a person if you say their name twice? \"You remember Johnny?\". No, just black people do.	Why do some folks think I'll recall a person if I mention their name twice? "You recollect Johnny?". Nah, only certain folks do, y'know?
Soo bob are you with that shit? Lls! You fuck with Boney back ass Iesha beforeyou fuck with me? Respect	So, Bob, are you with that shit? I am laughing like shit! If you fuck with bony-back-ass Lesha beforeyou fuck with me, then respect	So, Bob, ya with that bullshit? I'm laughin' mah ass off! If you mess with bony-back-ass Lesha before you mess with me, then show some respect.
I wanna lick you from your head to your toes but I'm lying I hate feet so I'll lick fromyour head to you know	I want to lick you from your head to your toes.  But I'm lying. I hate feet, so I'll lick from your head to you know where	I wanna stick my tongue from yer head down to yer toes. But I'm lyin'. I can't stand them foot things, so I'll stick my tongue from yer head down to... well, you know.
Had to get up and go to Church, gotta get all the sinningfrom last night off lol	I need to wake up and go to church so I can ask for forgiveness.I need forgiveness for everything I did last night.	I gots to get up and go to church house so I can ask for them forgivin's. I done need forgiveness for everythin' I did last night.
Omg we had them beat an we let them come backlike this come on ravens	I can't believe that we had such a big lead, but let them come backlike this. The Ravens need to do better	I can't believe we had such a huge advantage, but they came back like this. The Ravens gotta do better.
really?... You dick sucking like that? Smh and I bet you still ain't get thatretweet you was craving for.	Really...? You are giving a blowjob like that? Shaking my head, and I bet you still aren't getting thatretweet that you are craving for	Reckon that's how you're givin' 'em a blowjob? Me shake my head, and I reckon you're still hankerin' for that retweet you're all worked up about.
I seen that bitch a handful of times how she know hoeI dress for real? Lls	I have seen that bitch a handful of times. How does she know howI dress, for real? That's funny	I've run into that woman a few times. But how does she know what I wear? That's kind of strange and funny at the same time.
yeah last year they have to drill up my nose and I will haveblack eyes and shit smh	Yeah, last year they had to drill up my nose and I hadblack eyes and so on.  It was unbelievable	Yessiree, last year they had to drill somethin' up my hooter, and I had me some black eyes and all that jazz. It was a real mind-boggler.
Every real nigga know if you tryna fuck a girl.. You gon do what yougotta do to fuck her	Every high quality man knows if you want to have sex with a girl, You are going to dowhatever it takes to have sex with her	Every high-quality man knows if you wanna get it on with a gal, You're gonna hafta do whatever it takes to get it on with her.
One day I was babysitting my Lil cousin and Jason was playing tug of war with her... Shewas stronger than he expected.....	One day I was babysitting my little cousin and Jason played tug of war with her. She was stronger than he expected.	One day I was watchin' over my li'l cousin when Jason come playin' tug of war with her. She was a whole lot stronger than he reckoned.
Just scene a nigga with a cardboard license plate not even in the windowjust straight in the car	Just saw a fellow African american with a cardboard license plate not even in the window of the carJust right in the car	I jus' seen a brotha, African American, with a cardboard license plate an' all, ain't even in the windshield of the car. It was just straight up in the car.
Taking vitamins to be natural.. Obviously it's not natural if youtaking vitamins to get it	Taking vitamins to be natural... Obviously it's not natural if youare taking vitamins to get it	Takin' them vitamins to be all natural and such, but obviously it ain't natural if you're goin' around takin' vitamins to get 'em.
Today only everything half off COVER GRAPHICS.. PROMOTIONS ..STUDIO TIME .. For Pricing In YourDM Let's Make This Bread	One day only sale - everything is 50% off. Cover graphics, promotions, studio time, let me know what kind of quote you want!Send me a message to work out a deal	One day only sell - ev'rythang is half-off. Covers, promos, studio time, lemme know wich kind of deal ya want! Send me a message to work out the details.
Happy rushing to the liquor store the day before all your family shows up for thanksgiving so you can make itthrough the day day :-D	I'm glad I rushed to the liquore store the day before my family came for Thanksgiving so that I am able to stand having themat my home throughout the day	I'm right pleased I hightailed it to the liquor store the day afore my famly come for Thanksgivin', so I can stand havin' em at my house all day long.
The Birds get the W! Now let's see if we can do the same at homewith the next three games.	The Baltimore Orioles have won the game.  Lets see if they can continue the streak at homeover the next three games	The Baltimore Orioles done won the ball game. Now let's see if they can carry on that win streak at home in the next three games.
White lady was straight leanin on the black postal lady smh thoughtI had to record it	A white lady was literally leaning on the black postal lady. I’m shaking my head. I thoughtI had to record it.	A white woman was for real restin' her body on the black post office lady. Lawd have mercy, I thought I had to write it down.
at this rec looking for food n sips" I wish Icould come out for sips	I am about to go out and try to find some food and beverages. I wish I could meet you.I could go for a drink right now	I'm fixin' to step out and hunt down some grub and brews. I do wish I could run into you. I reckon I could use a drink about right now.
I'm sippin now n my boo cookin so I will tell u aboutSVU go have fun boo	I am sipping now on my boo's cooking so I will tell you aboutSpecial Victims Unit. Go have fun, boo	I'm sippin' now on my sweetie's cookin'. So I'll be tellin' ya 'bout Special Victims Unit. Go have fun, honey.
It amazes me how ppl won't even have a twitter but willknow everything that's going on!	It amazes me how people won't even have a Twitter, but willknow everything that's going on	It blows my mind how some folks don't even got a Twitter account, but they know every last thing that's goin' on.
Donte biggy smalls Chian faith Evans and I'm lil Kim "Lil Kim got betta pussy	Donte, Biggy Smalls, Chian, Faith Evans and me are the same.Lil Kim is better than that	Donte, Biggy Smalls, Chian, Faith Evans an' me is all the same. Lil Kim is better'n that.
My day going the opposite way I just jumped out thecar with it in drive"	My day is going the opposite way. I just jumped out of the car with it in Drive	My day's goin' in the wrong direction. I jus' hopped outta the car with it still in Drive.
big ones too" so u think u better then me huh! I'mcome through shining on y'all	Big ones too.\" So, you think you are better than me, huh! I'mcoming through, shining, on you all	You think your big self is better than little ol' me, ain't that right! But I'm comin' on strong, shinin' on y'all.
If you get to feeling stressed up in your chest thinking youabout to lose! It's true	If you start to feel stressed out in your chest, thinking that youare about to lose, it's true	If you begin to feel all worked up in your chest, thinkin' you're fixin' to give up, well, that's the truth.
If I don't like you then that's says a lot about you! CauseI get alone with everybody	If I don't like you then that says a lot about you! Because I get along with everyone.	If I can't stand ya, that speaks volumes 'bout you! Cause I get on with just about everybody.
no u should only need a wash & style and it should bemuch! Do u like it?	No, you should only need a wash and a style and it should beplenty! Do you like it	No, you shoul'nly need a good cleanin' and a fixin' up of the hair, and that'll be plenty! You reckon you'd like it?
I wanna try a caramel frappe so bad, scared imma be addicted too" yessgawd!! They are the devil	I want to try a milkshake  so bad, but too scared I'm going to be addicted to yesgod.  They are the devil	I reckon I'd like to give that milkshake a try, but I'm plum scared I'll end up addicted to yesgod. They're the devil, yessiree.
If you think I caught a feelin' when I heard about that other chickI already knew about it!	If you think I was upset when I heard about that other girlI already knew about it	If y'all think I was mad when I heared 'bout that there other gal, I already knew bout it.
I just needed time just to clear my mind and ask myselfWhy I didnt handle him?	I just needed time to clear my mind and ask myself “why didn’t I handle him”? “why didn’t I handle him”?	I jus' needed some time by mysef to get my thoughts in order an' ask myself "why didn't I take care of him"? "why didn't I take care of him"?.
Y are social network niggaz so messy lol " they oldclowns with something to prove	Why are social network men so messy, I'm laughing.\" They are oldclowns with something to prove	Why them fellas on social network act so sloppy, makes me giggle. They're just old hicks trying to show off.
These females owe us no loyalty unless we kno them other then that it'sYOUR MAN THATS WRONG Right	Unless we know them, these women owe us nothing other than that it'sYOUR man that is wrong. Right	Unless we knows 'em, these here women owes us nothin' but that it's YOUR man what's in the wrong. That's right.
Well my boyfriend girlfriend has been takin him away from me "no minessssher lil ugly ass "	My boyfriend has been spending time with another girl and she's taking him away from me. He is mine and I'm not threatened by her	My boyfriend's been spendin' time with another gal, and she's drawin' him away from me. He's mine, and I ain't threatened by her.
Mike just bit me in the face, he acting real goofy"o yea tell him come get his son "ard he said he coming	Mike just bit me in the face and is acting really goofy. I asked him to come and pick up his son. He said he is on his way.	Mike jus' chomped on me in the kisser and is actin' real silly. I hollered at him to come and git his boy. He said he's a-comin'.
Am I the only 1 that wants to see the hunger games"noI do" it looks good	Am I the only one who wants to see The Hunger Gams?  No,I do.  It looks good	Ain't I the only one hankerin' to see them Hunger Games, The? Naw, I do. Looks real purty to me.
I don't like carrying umbrellas I rather just ... But this rain cold !out there !" Yes gawd	I don't like carrying an umbrella. This rain is cold	I don't take kindly to carryin' an umbrella. This here rain is cold.
That Rain In Da Fuccin Way" yes it is" I Just Wish It Stop"u ain't the only 1	\"That rain is very inconvenient.\"  Yes, it is.  \"I just wish it would stop.\"You aren't the only one	"That rain's really gettin' on my nerves. Wish it'd quit." You ain't the only one what feels that way.
You didn't even holla at a real nigga ....dfl" I know mannn a lil busy !! LolI'm come pass tomar though!	You didn't even say hi to me.  Dead fucking last I know a man's a little busy.I've come to pass through	You didn't even say 'hi' to me. I reckon a man's got a lot on his plate. I've just come to pass through.
I really don't know how to lie" I always get caught up or tell on myself"man I'm working on it	I really do not know how to lie. I always get caught up in it or I tell on myself.Man, I am working on it.	I reckon I don't know how to fib. I always seem to get tangled up in it or I 'fess up myself. Lawd, I be workin' on it.
I just want to say that if something happens to me, know that my life has beenthreatened several times this month.	If something happens to me, I just want to say that my life has been threatened.It has happened a few times this month	If somethin' was to happen to me, I jus' wanna say that my life's been in danger. It's happened a few times this month.
he has all his weapons now, the bye week is over. TB12and also the pats D.	He has all his weapons now.  The bye week is over.  Tom Brady, #12,and also the Patriots defense	He got all his guns now. The bye week done passed. Tom Brady, #12, and them Patriots defense too.
just saw a Andre Williams highlight from different game. How is he different from hiscontemporaries? Please school me sir.	I just saw an Andre Williams highlight from a different game. How is he different from hiscontemporaries? Please tell me, sir	I jus' seen an Andre Williams hight-light from another game. How's he differ from his contemporaries? Do tell, suh.
y'all fuckers put everything on twitter , you taking yo last breathes updating a tweet saying"r.i.p to me y'all "	Everyone puts everything on Twitter. You are taking your last breath while Tweeting out\"RIP to me everyone\"	Everybody and their mama is puttin' it all on Twitter. You're about to take your last puff of air while tweetin' out "RIP to me, y'all"
You Eat Dicks For A Living, Talking Bout Don't Drink OutMy Bottle Cant Zeal	You are a piece of trash. Please stop acting like you are better than me.I can't handle being treated like that	You're not worth a darn. Quit actin' like you're superior to me. I just can't take bein' treated that way.
If the nigga dnt want u he dnt want u changing his number to another phone to talk to his other bitches still meanshe dnt want u! dumbass	If he broke up with you then he is no longer interested. He changed his number so he could talk to other women.He is no longer interested and you need to accept that	If he done broke it off with you, then he ain't showin' no interest no more. He changed his number so he could be chatty with other gals. He ain't got no interest left in you, and you best learn to accept that fact.
I'm not check my TL no more, y'all talk about some of the dumbeststuff and everybody DEEP THINKERS	I'm not checking my timeline on Twitter anymore.  All of you talk about some of the dumbeststuff and everybody's a deep thinker	I ain't lookin' at my Twitter feed no more. Y'all be talkin' 'bout some real dumb stuff, an' everbody thinks they's some kind of philosopher.
I always been the same ! I never changed .. People love me for it , and others stopped messing with me because it eitherway ! Truth was me	I have always acted the same! I never changed how I acted and some people love me for it, and others stopped bothering me because of it. Either waythe truth is I've always been the same	I've always kept it the same ol' way! Ain't never changed how I behaved, and some folks just can't get enough of me for it. Others done gave up on me 'cause of it. But the truth is, I've always been the very same.
Crazy how amazing the power of the Black man is!!". You should try being a whiteman! Its freaking amazing!!!! Lmfao!	It is crazy how amazing the power of the black man is! You should try being a whiteman! It is freaking amazing! I am laughing my fucking as off	It's darn near a miracle how powerful the black man is! You oughta give bein' a white man a shot! Lord have mercy, it's a real hoot! I'm laughin' my head off.
wtf yo, i just fucked my leg up in a bus accident.. stupid assdriver "sue them niggas bro	I can't believe how badly my leg is hurt from a bus accident.You should sue the driver	I can't believe how bad my leg's hurt from gettin' hit by that bus. You oughta sue the driver.
Could we be looking at a new Champion. The title would lookgood on Big Shows shoulder.	Is it possible there is a new Champion?The title would fit Big Shows well	Y'all think it's likely that we got a new Champ? That title'd suit Big Show just fine.
goes country.. I can't wait to see what kind of outfit santinoand khali will appear in.	Let's go to the country. I can't wait to see what kind of outfit Santino will be in.I wonder what Khali will wear	Let's head on out to the countryside. I'm just dyin' to see what kind of get-up Santino'll be sportin'. I reckon I'm mighty curious 'bout what Khali'll be wearin'.
So Goldberg jr. Has a challenge for anyone on the roster can wait tosee who accepts the challenge	So Goldberg Jr. has a challenge for anyone on the roster. He can wait to see who accepts the challenge.	So Goldberg Jr. got himself a test for any of 'em on the roster. He can sit back and watch which one of 'em takes up that challenge.
MerrillHood Nigga Ah Bitch Cant Get the Rest Of Me Acky Nd The kitchen Ad HeFlipping Up The recipe .......	I'm not going to let her get to me.I'm going to change up the recipe	I ain't gonna let her rattle me none. I'm just gonna switch things up in that there recipe.
*singing* morning wood makes me feel fine-ine...... damn I forgot the wordslol Good morning then lol	I'm singing.  An erection in the morning makes me feel fine.  Damn it, I forgot the words.Ha, ha.  Good morning, then.  Ha, ha	I's singin'. Mornin' wood is makin' me feel right. Blast, I forgot the lyrics. Hee-hee. Good mornin', anyways. Hee-hee.
They say you cant turn a bad gurl good cuz when a good gurl turns bad shes gone forever. Now I gotta live wit the fact Idid her wrong f ...	They say you can't turn a bad girl good because when a good girl turns bad, she's gone forever. Now, I have to live with the fact that Idid her wrong..	Folks say you can't change a bad gal into a good one 'cause when a good gal goes bad, she's gone for good. But now I got to deal with the truth that I done Idid wrong...
Changing lanes the opps tryna catch me im ghost on theyass lmao over turnt tonight	I changed lanes and the police tried to follow me, but I was able to evadethem. I'm laughing and I partied tonight	I switched lanes and them cops tried to keep up with me, but I managed to shake 'em. I'm just laughin' and I had myself a good ol' time partyin' tonight.
Pro 40:9 I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained mylips, O LORD, thou knowest.	Psalm 40:9. \"I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained mylips, O LORD, thou knowest.\	In the big ol' church crowd, I've been shoutin' 'bout righteousness, Lord. You know that, don't you? I sure haven't held back my words when it comes to preachin' your word in that great congregation.
Yhu can call me ugly ' & i still wouldnt give af ' cause thata be dumb af !	You can call me ugly and I still would not give a fuck because that is dumb as fuck!	Y'all can call me ugly and it wouldn't make a difference 'cause that's just plain stupid!
Ok so this morning I was fine but I don't feel good atall I hate being sick.	Can you believe that this morning I felt fine, but now I don't feel good atall. I hate being sick	Can you reckon that this mornin', I was feelin' just fine, but now, I don't feel so hot at all. I sure do hate bein' sick.
I'm really trying to make an AU game before the season is over. UGA hopefully cause I can'tafford no damn iron bowl	I'm really trying to attend an Auburn University game before the season is over.  University of Georgia, hopefully, because I can'tafford tickets for the damned Iron Bowl	I'm real tryin' to get myself to an Auburn University football game 'fore the season ends. Preferably attendin' the University of Georgia game 'cause I just can't afford them dang Iron Bowl tickets.
I saw them by bridge street last night. 6 buses. And Ihope it ain't too ugly	I saw them by the bridge last night. There were six buses. I hope the damage wasn't too bad	I seen 'em by that there bridge last night. Six buses was settin' there. I hopes the damage wasn't none too terrible.
Jameis Winston is the man on Florida St campus. I highly doubt he has to rape any bitch. That white bitch want money2 pay off student loans	Jameis Winston is the big man on campus at Florida State.  I highly doubt he has to rape any woman.  That white girl wants moneyto pay of student loans	Jameis Winston is the big shot around Florida State University. Folks might be doubting him needin' to force himself on no woman. That there white gal's hankerin' for some cash to help settle her student loan debt.
naw fuck bama. Baylor need to lose and I don't know why Oregonis still even up there	No, fuck Bama. Baylor needs to lose and I don’t know why Oregon is even still up there.	No, I reckon I don't like Bama none. Baylor oughta lose and I can't rightly figure out why Oregon's still hangin' around up there.
Father God Bless you to thank you for your Prayers and WeLove you all in JesusChristName.	Father, God Bless you, to thank you for your Prayers, and WeLove you all. In Jesus Christ, Amen	Dad, God bless ya, I'm just sayin' thank you for your Prayers. We sure do Love you all. In the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.
Hate when I come to break n I don't have a missed text phonecall FaceTime or nothin smh	Hate that when I go on break, and I don't have a missed text, phonecall, FaceTime, or anything, shaking my head	Ain't none of them texts, calls, Facetime or nothin' waitin' for me when I take a break, just noddin' my head.
Bitch Calling Niggas There Brothers & Cousins After They G Her OutSmh!!! Shit Bitches Say Lmao	The woman was calling those guys \"brothers\" and \"cousins\" after they gave her a date rape drug!I'm shaking my head in amazement.  Women say some crazy things.  I'm laughing so hard	That woman was callin' them fellas "brothers" and "cousins," but get this, it was right after they gave her a roofie! I'm just shakin' my head in amazement here. Women do say some crazy things, I'm tellin' ya, I'm laughin' so hard I can barely breathe!
Even Tho I Had Yo Gotti - I Am Album Weeks Before It Came Out... Just Got Finish Listening ToIt & It's A Classic!!!!!	I had the Yo Gotti album weeks before it came out. I just finished listening to it. That song is a classic!	I had that there Yo Gotti album been sittin' with me weeks before it come out. I jus' finished listenin' to it. That song right thar, it's a classic!
BCU 29 FAMU 10. The FAMU Marching 100 is back, but they couldn't handlethe BCU Wildcat Marching Band.	BCU 29 wins over FAMU 10. The FAMU Marching 100 is back but they couldn't handle the BCU Wildcat marching band.	BCU beat FAMU 29 to 10. But the FAMU Marchin' 100 is back, but they couldn't keep up with the BCU Wildcat marchin' band.
thoroughly enjoyed the Tribute. We remember her fondly though we were not supposed to hear, wedid. Who will be next?	I really enjoyed the Tribute. Even though we were not supposed to hear, we remember her fondly.Who do you think will be next?	I sure did take a likin' to that Tribute. Even if we was suppose to keep quiet about it, we still remembers her with a warm heart. Now, who do you reckon'll be next?
This shit crazy feelin for hope for speedy recovery! I know hegoin to take his time!	This shit-crazy feeling for hope and for a speedy recover! I know heis going to take his time	That crazy-ass feelin' for hopin' and for a quick heal! I knows he's gonna take his sweet ol' time.
Niggas out here crack me up when they wit there chick! They try to let u know that they 2gether by grabin thereass & shit like that!	Boys out here crack me up when they are with their girl! They try to let you know that they are together by grabbing theirass and shit like that	Out here, some boys got me laughin' when they with their sweetheart! They tryin' to show off that they're a couple by grabbin' each other's behind and actin' all silly like that.
That LITTLE UGLY GIRL HOTT IMA LET HER THINK SHE DID SOMETHING SHE ANIT DO SHIT HER MAN BEGGIN ME TO STOP SO ILLDO ..I GUESS SHE SICK	That little, ugly, girl is hot. I am going to let her think she did something that she is not doing. Shit, her man is begging me to stop so I will.I guess she is sick.	That there lil' gal with the ugly mug is a looker. I'm fixin' to let her believe she done somethin' she ain't doin'. Shit, her man's beggin' me to quit so I will. Guess she's sick.
I don't wanna go out tonight but it's a celebration that I don'tthink I sure miss "	I don't want to go out tonight, but it's a celebration that I don'tthink I want to miss.\	I don't wanna step out tonight, but it's some kind of party that I reckon I might not wanna miss.
School & basketball wit my son takes all my time I need a home cooked meal "what happened to u cooking??"	School and basketball with my son takes up all of my time. I need a home cooked meal.What happened to you cooking	School and basketball with my boy takes up all my time. I needs me a good home-cooked meal. What about you, what happened to your cookin'?
They only good on the grill!! I Luv turkey burgers nI want one now "	They are only good on the grill!  I love turkey burgers and I want one now	They ain't worth nothin' but on the grill! I do love me some turkey burgers and I reckon I want one right about now.
My next bitch will not smoke iont even smoke so why would I wantyo stank breath ass to	My next girlfriend will not smoke.  I don't even smoke, so why would I wantyou, with your terrible bad breath, to smoke	My next gal-friend won't be smokin'. I don't huff and puff on a cigarette myself, see. So what in tarnation would I want you, with your awful, no good, horrid breath, to do? Smoke? No ma'am, that ain't gonna happen.
My mom has about 10 sores on her body, from head to toe, some of them so severe, that her doctor estimates it wouldtake a year/more to heal	My mother has at least ten sores on her body from head to toe, and some of them are very severe.They could take longer than a year to heal	My mama got at least ten wounds on her whole body, from her head down to her toes. Some of 'em real bad. They might take more'n a year to get better.
Ijust asked my baby y she putting all that grease in her baby hair she Tom bout cuz im finna let itgrow smh grown lil lady	I just asked my baby if she is putting all that grease in her baby's hair. She is talking about it because I am finally going to let itgrow. I am shaking my head, grown little lady.	I jus' axed mah babe if she was puttin' all that grime in her babe's hair. She's yackin' 'bout it 'cause I'm finally gonna let it grow. I'm shakin' me head, grown little lady.
I really want to apologize to cuz that's wrong for me to come out my mouth and say big wildshit like that to her	I really want to apologize too because that's wrong for me to have it come out of my mouth, and say big, wildshit like that to her	I really wanna apologize fer sure 'cause it ain't right for me to have it slip outta my mouth and holler big, crazy stuff like that at her.
Vic fuckin my old bitch nunu she acting like she didn't fuck him bitch that's my Brova u thinkhe not gonna tell me	Vic is fucking my old bitch, Nunu. She's acting like she didn't fuck him. Bitch, that's my friend, you thinkhe isn't going to tell me	Vic's bangin' my old gal, Nunu. She's actin' like she didn't do the deed with him. But listen here, that's my buddy, you think he wouldn't tell me?
Look out for the first episode of the Verse One Show as early asthe first week of December.	Be ready for the first episode of the Verse One Show as early as the first week of December	Get yourself prepared for the initial episode of The Verse One Show. It might air as soon as the first week in December.
My dream last night - was at my house and rocked my daughterto sleep. Trying to interpret?	I had a dream last night that I was at my house rocking my daughter.What do you think that meant?	Last night in me dreams, I was at mah house settin' and rockin' mah little girl. What y'all reckon that was about?
Thanks for small flat rate priority boxes. I'll remember to use one if I evership a $.99 VHS tape	Thanks for the small flat rate priority boxes. I'll remember to use one if I evership a $0.99 VHS tape	I sure do appreciate them little flat rate priority boxes y'all sent me. I'll make sure to use one when I ever ships a $0.99 VHS tape.
dept of Commerce and insurance is a great advocate for Tennessean consumers and businesses.Glad she is in TN!	Department of Commerce and Insurance is a great advocate for Tennessean consumers and businesses.Glad she is in Tennessee	The Department of Commerce and Insurance is really fightin' for the rights of Tennesseans, both consumers and businesses. Ain't that nice to hear? She's doin' a great job in Tennessee.
Watchin Eminem on BET and let m tell u this dude speaks his mind no matter what!! He gone give u the real all thetime!! Luv this dude here!	Watching Eminem on BET, and let me tell you, this dude speaks his mind no matter what! He is going to give you the real facts alltime! Love this dude right here	Sittin' here watchin' Eminem on BET. Now lemme tell ya, this fella don't hold back none. He gonna give it to ya straight up, every single time! I just love this real deal guy right here.
It's really damn cold at this game, but watching the Niners pick one offhas me feeling pretty good.	It's really very cold at this game, but watching the San Francisco 49ers make an interception has me feeling pretty good	It's reallly cold out at this here game, but seein' them San Francisco 49ners grabbin' an interception sure does make me feel a whole lot better.
Lovin my daughter n her lovin me back is da greatest love of all.datsall da love I need!	Loving my daughter and her loving me back is the greatest love of all.  That's all the love I need	Lovin' my little girl and her lovin' me back is the biggest love of all. That's all the love I require.
Lonely days I can deal wIt bt lonely nights ain't wat I want...smh..I don't wait fa love,it wait upon me. Don'trush feelings,I wait to feel	On lonely days I can deal with. But lonely nights are not what I want. I am shaking my head. I do not wait for love, it waits upon me. Do notrush feelings. I wait to feel.	On them lonesome days, I can handle. But them lonesome nights, ain't what I signed up for. I'm shakin' my head. I don't wait around for love, it comes waitin' on me. Don't rush those feelin's. I wait to feel.
Omg without makeup Yall bitches are beasts,even so Yall goes look like Homer Da Clown! Fuckin return of Daliving dead Kmsl ..just saying*	Oh my gosh, without makeup, all of you bitches are beasts. Even so, you all look like Homer da Clown! Fucking return of the living dead. I am killing myself laughing, I am just saying	My goodness, without no make-up on, y'all are some ugly, mean ol' creatures. But, even with that, y'all still look like good ol' Homer da Clown! I'm tellin' ya, it's the return of the living dead. I'm laughin' myself to death over here, just sayin'.
She Might Of been there from The Beginning But it Only matters who gonebe there at the end	She might have been there with me from the beginning but the only thing that matters is who is going to be there for you at the end	She mighta been right thar wit me from the start but what truly matters is which one of 'em gon' be there for you when it all ends.
Holiness is not through worship, meditation ,or sacrifices. It's through focus onour responsibility toward other people.	Holiness is not through worship, meditation, or sacrifices.  It's through focus onour responsibility towards other people	Holiness ain't 'bout worship, meditatin', or sacrifices. It's 'bout keepin' our focus on our duty towards other folks.
don't talk or listen. They observe and if it interests them then they pay attention."Wow this is really me!	Don’t talk or listen. They will observe and if it interests them they pay attention. Wow, this is really me!	Don’t speak neither listen. They'll be watchin' and if it piques their interest, they'll focus in. Lawd, this here's truly about me!
Gonna be great her and my southern cousin think he gonna see his floridapiece lol pray for him	It’s going to go well with her and my southern cousin. I think he is planning to visit his Floridiansexual partner. It’s so funny. Pray for him	It's gonna go real good with her and my southern cousin of mine. I reckon he's fixin' to pay a visit to his Floridian partner, who's got a certain sexual orientation. Ain't that something funny? Go on and pray for him.
2 be clear NO Illinois Bruhz won any step show in Illinois in 20years before 07 did it....	To be clear, no Illinois brothers have won any step show in Illinois in 20years before 07 did it	Now let me make somethin' plain, neither of the Illinois brethren had won no step show in that state twenty years prior to '07.
I wanna thank and Nashli for setting me and my ace out to 03. Yall was making sureand we appreciate it! LBVFS	I want to thank Nashli for setting me and my ace out to 03. You all were making sureand we appreciate it! Laughing but very fucking serious	I wanna thank Nashli fer settin' me an' my partner out to 03. Y'all was makin' sure we got there, an' we sure do appreciate it! Laughin', but dead serious.
I love where my life is going. I got my eye on everyone.Everyone has a fair chance	I love where my life is going. I have my eye on everyone.Everyone has a fair chance	I sure do love where my life's headin'. I'm keepin' an eye on ever'body. Ever'body gets a fair shot.
dats cuz he naturally a fat boy...mogs don't even notice I swap out profile pixover last 6 years lol	Thats because he is naturally a fat boy. Mogs didn't even notice that I swapped out profile picturesover the last six years. I'm laughing	That's 'cause he's just a natural, chubby boy. Mogs didn't even take notice when I changed up my profile pics over the past six years. I'm just laughin'
My bro said pray for my exs sad one said she gonna deal wit a new caliber dudes aka gold digger lolmust be a southern thing	My brother said pray for my exes. The sad girl said she was going to deal with a new caliber of dudes. She's a gold digger. I'm laughing.It must be a southern thing	My brother said we should be prayin' for his ex-girlfolks. This here sad gal said she was gonna handle some new kind of fellas. She's all about the gold. I'm just laughin'. Must be a southern thing.
2 all the single chicks dat don't need a man and taking they xmas tree out tothe alley this wkend lol	To all the single chicks who don't need a man and are taking their Christmas tree out tothe alley this weekend, laugh-out-loud	To all them single gals what don't need no man and is takin' their Christmas tree out to the alley this weekend, y'all better be laughin' out loud!
I'm happy is shit. Dem new SHOES that just came out bout tobe on my feet!!-fck yea,,,	I'm happy as shit. These new shoes that just came out are about tobe on my feet! Fuck yeah	I'm plumb happier'n a pig in a poke. These here new shoes that jus' come out, they're fixin' to be on my feet! Damn right.
I been talking this ignant (but true) shit for over 15 years...but NOW its hitting home one 30scome into picture...imma chill tho	I've been talking about this ignorant (but true) shit for over 15 years...but NOW it's hitting home once thirtiescome into the picture. I'm going to chill, though	I've been yappin' 'bout this here stupid-but-true stuff for more'n fifteen year...but NOW it's really hittin' home once them thirties roll around. I'm gonna take it easy, though.
Yes I'm a bears fan. If after 9 years Frazier is not making the playoffs consistently they yeahe probably will be fired.	Yes I’m a bears fan. If after nice years Frazier is not making the playoffs consistently then yeah he probably will be fired.	Yessiree, I'm a bears supporter. If ol' Frazier don't bring us them consistent playoff wins after a few good years, then yep, he'll likely be let go.
I think 2morrow imma tweet in opposite all day....say the exact opposite of what I'm thinking atthe moment. Who wit me?	I think tomorrow I’m going to tweet in the opposite all day. I will say the exact opposite of what I’m thinking atthe moment. Who is with me on this?	I reckon tomorrow I'm a-gonna tweet in the complete reverse all day long. I'll be sayin' the total opposite of whatever's on my mind at that very moment. Anybody else wanna join me in this little experiment?
LOL yea its rough. Just relax and know ppl are trying their best and that means a lot. Plus arent uplanning the all girl day?	That's funny! But yes, it is rough. Just relax and know people are trying their best and that means a lot. Plus aren't youplanning the \"all-girl day\"	That's a hoot! Yeah, it can be tough. Just take it easy and remember folks are doin' their best. That means a whole lot. And ain't you fixin' to plan that \"all-girl day\"?
yea C's need to think about the future, they are not winning withthe team they have now.	Yeah, C's need to think about the future. They are not winning withthe team they have now	Yessiree, C's better start thinkin' 'bout the future. Ain't no way they're winnin' with the team they got right now.
I could preach a whole sermon on mogs dat look at immediate needs andneva long term...but yea nvm	I could speak extensively on men who only look at what their immediate needs are butnever look at things in the long term.  I could, but I won't	I could go on and on 'bout them fellas who only focus on what they need right now, but never think about the future. I could do that, but I ain't gonna.
This nigga just folded chicken up .....he a beast and cantbe stop .....they gotta foul	This guy just pushed that chicken over. He is a beast and cannotbe stopped. They need to foul	That fella jus' shoved that chicken on over. He's a right beast an' can't be held back. They gotta foulish him somethin'.
This girl said I got her in the friend zone.... naw bitch its the I ain'tfuckin wit yo ass zone	The girl said I befriended her.The bitch is lying. I don't fuck with girls like her	That gal claimed I was pals with her. But she's full of shit. Ain't no way I mess around with gals like her.
Gimme a Gangsta Hoe one that Don't Give a Fuck andthat a Shank the Hoe!	Give me a gangster whore, one that doesn't give a fuck andthat will stab the whore	Give me a real rough and tumble broad, one that don't care a lick 'bout nothin', and that would stick a knife in another broad.
Why Do Hood Barbers cut the best but neva on time? Its like they KNOW u notgonna fuck with anyone else...	Why do neighborhood barbers always give you the best hair cut but are never on time.  It's like they know that you're notlikely to go anywhere else.	Why is it that them neighborhood barbers gives ya the finest haircut but can't seem to be on time? It's sorta like they knows that you ain't gonna go nowhere else.
Just when u think that things are making a turn 4the worst, God shows you that he has bigger nbetter things planned 4 u.	Just when you think that things are making a turn for the worst, God shows you that he has bigger and better things planned for you.	When you start thinkin' that things is gettin' worse by the minute, God goes and shows you that he got somethin' even better and bigger in store for you.
Aye I'm thinking about doing crossfit cuz I'm sick of seeing non hoopersrepresentation in dem classes lol	Yeah. I'm thinking about doing crossfit because I'm sick of seeing non-hoopersrepresented in those classes. I'm laughing out loud	Yessiree. I been thinkin' 'bout doin' me some Crossfit 'cause I'm plumb tired of seein' them non-basketball-players representin' in them classes. I's laughin' out loud here!
Man I just wanted to make me some cheese eggs n grits and it turn into breakfastfor the whole fam Smdh	Man, I just wanted to make myself some cheese, eggs, and grits and it turned into breakfastfor the whole family. I’m shaking my damn head.	Man, all I wanted was to fix myself some cheese, eggs, and grits. But it ended up bein' breakfast for the whole dang fam. I'm just shakin' my head.
Really gonna use this deepfryer and try out this Jerk DeepFried Chicken RecipeI got in my head...	I am really going to use this deepfryer and test this Jerk DeepFried Chicken RecipeI have memorized	I'm plannin' to really give it a go with this here deep fryer, and try out this Jerk DeepFried Chicken Recipe that I got memorized.
We took Nyla to the doggie park Saturday. She had a ball! Making"friends" like they're human lol	We took Nyla to the doggie park Saturday. She had a ball! Making\"friends\" like they're human, it's funny	Saturday, we taken Nyla to the hound dog park. She was really enjoyin' herself! Doggies makin' friends just like people, it's a real laugh.
Tierra better be glad she's having a bad day lol bc I wasjust about to fire her	Tierra should be grateful that I understand that she's just having a bad day, because I wasjust about to fire her	Tierra oughta be thankful I get that she's jus' havin' a rough day, 'cause I was fixin' to let her go.
2 every Aux Member of a D9 that wish they could celebrate with DST but chose to have1 letter and a Symbol.	To every auxiliary member of a D9 that wish they could celebrate with DST but chose to haveone letter and a symbol	Every auxiliary member of a D9 who would've liked to join in the DST celebration but instead opted for just one letter and a symbol.
ion trust naan bitch round my man she gotta be his sister cuzn mama or aunt cuz Idon't mind being rude !"	I don’t trust any bitch around my man. She’s gotta be his sister, cousin, mama, or aunt, because Idon’t mind being rude!	I can't trust no woman hangin' 'round my man. She better be his sister, cousin, mama, or aunt, 'cause I ain't got no problem bein' disrespectful!
This chinese restaurant slow cooks these pigeons to perfection...makes me feel likethis realy chicken and beef.	This Chinese restaurant slow cooks these pigeons perfectly. It makes me feel thatthis food is really chicken and beef	This here Chinese restaurant cooks them pigeons real slow, just right. Makes me feel like this food's mighty fine chicken and beef.
How they going act when I finish this 2nd one? Orwhen I get that Phd?	How are they going to act once I finish this second one or when I get my Phd	Once I finish this here second one or get me a PhD, how they gonna act?
2 all the club promoters that wanna capture the "greek" market but neva went to school 2understand how it get intune	To all the club promoters that want to capture the \"greek\" market but never went to school tounderstand how it get in tune..	To all them club promoters hankerin' to grab the "greek" crowd, but never been to school to learn how it syncs up...
Travis wants to go to a Nets game in BK. Thinking that might be afun day trip megabus action!	Travis wants to go to a Nets game in Brooklyn. Thinking that might be afun day-trip, mega-bus action	Travis wanna go to a Nets game in Brooklyn. Him thinkin' that might be a fun day-trip, big ol' bus journey.
The amount of liquor I drunk last nite was ungodly...But I didn't have a lick ofa hangover...Thank you Patron God.	The amount of liquor I drank last night was ungodly. But I didn't have a lick ofa hangover...thank you, Patron God	Last night, the quantity of liquor I put away was sinful. Yet, I didn't get a taste of a hangover...all thanks to the Patron Saint.
On New years i was right by my aunt house . I shouldve wentto see && Raquel .	On New Years, I was right by my aunts house. I should've goneto see Raque	On New Year's, I was real close to my aunt's place. I oughta 've went over there to see Raque.
When u have 1 of the Best Defenses in the league u always give ya self a chanceto make noise in Playoffs	When you have one of the best defenses in the league, you always give yourself a chanceto make some noise in the playoffs	When y'all got one of the finest defenses in the whole league, y'all always gits yourselves a chance to make a ruckus in them playoffs.
online identity theft is nothing new...most times the owner of thepix never find out. Ever.	Online identity theft is nothing new. Most of the time, the owner of thepictures never find out. Ever	On-line identity stealin' ain't nothin' new. Most times, the feller what owns them pictures never finds out none. Ever.
let me find out bitches on twitter talking shit bout something that happen last year. kill yourself hoe .	Don’t let me find out that bitches on Twitter are trash talking about something which happened last year. Kill yourself, hoe.	Don’t none of y'all tell me that some women on Twitter is goin' off 'bout sth that went down last year. Go kill yaself, tramp.
we got Kcups in my office...and I'm not a coffee drinker but I knowthis makes us fancy lol	We have K-Cups in my office... and I'm not a coffee drinker but I knowthis makes us fancy. I'm laughing	In my work place, there's them thar K-Cups... and I don't take to that java myself, but I reckon it makes us seem highfalutin'. I's just chucklin'
Must be nice, Having someone who trusts you despite what they've heard, Someone as mighty as a lion but stillas gentle as a bluebird.	It's good to have someone who trusts you despite what rumors suggest.  Someone who is strong but stillgentle	It's right nice to have somebody that believes in ya, even if them rumors be sayin' different. Somebody that's strong as an ox but still got that gentle touch.
Just cursed out my lil bros for not picking up they phones that EYE broughtdem...fuckt hey think they are?!	I just cursed out my little brothers for not picking up their phones that I boughtthem. Who the fuck do they think they are	I jus' cussed out my lit'le brothas 'cause they didn't pick up their phones that I bought 'em. Who the hell do they think they is?
Ive Got. . 2Tickets To PARADISE . . . , Wo Wo Wo Woo.. Wooo Wooo Wooo .	I've got two tickets to paradise. Woo woo woo woo.Woo woo woo	I got me two tickets to that there paradise. Yippee yi yo. Yippee yi yo.
From the look of my I see hardly no one works 2day...and I nevahad this day off before.	From the looks of it, hardly anyone works today...and I have neverhad this day off before	By the way 'em looks, it seems like most folks ain't workin' today...and lemme tell ya, I've never had this here day off before.
if your point is that i dont hold you to the samestandards as my self...your correct.	If your point is that I don’t hold you to the samestandards as I hold myself, you are correct.	If what you're sayin' is that you ain't expectin' me to follow the same rules as I do for myself, then yeah, that's right.
I'll try tomorrow. This flu has been kicking my ass for a week now.I need a nurse! Lol!	I'll try tomorrow. This flu has been kicking my ass for a week now.I need a nurse! I'm laughing	I'll give it a go tomorrow. This here flu's near about had me whupped for a week now. I could use me some nursin'. I'm haw-hawin'!
maaaaan dat would be the ultimate Kiss my ass move...but MIAcan't afford him AT ALL...	That would be an amazing thing to have happen, but Miacan't afford him at all	That'd be somethin' real purty to see happen, but Miacan't swing that cost at all.
yeah...just would help if I didn't have Ebola! Lol! Don't want to be the outbreak monkey at work. Thinkthat's how I got sick.	Yes, it would help a lot if i wasn't so sick.  I don't want to be the one to cause an outbreak of sickness in the workplace.I believe I caught the sickness at work	Yeah, it'd make a big difference if I wasn't feelin' so under the weather. I don't wanna be the one bringin' a whole outbreak of sickness to the workplace. I reckon I picked up this sickness at work.
I'm not a PTO user unless I have some fun shit to do...I goin no matter the weather	I'm not a paid time off user unless I have some fun shit to do...I goin to work regardless of the weather	I ain't no paid time off user, unless I got me some fun stuff to do...I'm gonna work regardless of the weather.
Nicki no dag on well she didn't wanna say yes , but she was like I mind as well causeshe goin get through anyway	Nicki knows perfectly well she didn't want to say yes, but she said, \"I also care\" becauseshe is going to get through it anyway	Nicki knew for sure she didn't wanna say yes, but she went and said, "I reckon I care too," 'cause she was gonna make it through it anyways.
and when I couple the fact that I'm now paying back (paid forit) I feel nausea lol	and when I couple the fact that I'm now paying it back (I paid forit) I feel nauseous. I'm laughing	An' when I go 'head an' pay it back, seeing as I already did pay for it, I get all queasy in my stomach. I'm just laughin'.
This btch stupid af on this movie , I wanna jump through the screen& smack her ass -_-	This bitch is stupid as fuck in this movie. I want to jump through the screenand smack her ass	In that film there's this here woman actin' real dumb as a stump. I'd give my left nut to reach through that screen and give her butt a good ol' whack.
Lil Buddy looking for Connects..I aint got any for him...all I got is same ole "work hard as shit over time and ifthey don't pay ya BOUNCE"	My little buddy is looking for connects but I don’t have any for him. All I have is the same old “work as hard as shit over time and if they don’t pay you, bounce.”	My li'l pal is huntin' for contacts but I ain't got none to give him. All I got is the same ol' "work yerself to the bone over time and if they don't pay ya, skedaddle."
Kickin doors, shouting, shooting. Police called, came quick, not quick enuf. Thugs return, police called,back in seconds! 3 ARRESTED.	There are three people making bad choices, kicking in doors, shouting, and shooting. The police are called but do not get there fast enough and they run away.  They come back and the police are called again.The police get there quickly and arrest all three	There's three of 'em makin' real poor decisions, bargin' in doors, hollerin', and shootin'. The cops is called but they don't git there fast enough and they skedaddle. They come back and the cops is called again. This time the cops gets there quick smart and arrests all three of 'em.
It aint Fuck dude...but more so I don't understand the process of Mentoring...why I gotta tell uwhat u need to do?	It's not fuck, dude...but more so I don't understand the process of mentoring. Why do I have to tell youwhat you need to do	It ain't 'bout fuck, man...it's more like I don't get the way of teachin'. Why do I gotta tell ya whatcha gotta do?
And AYE! Stop using my fucking Govt Name on here! That'sTwice in 10 mins! Lol	And yes! Stop using my fucking government name on here! That'stwice in 10 minutes! Laugh-out-loud	An' yeah! Quit usin' my mama's Government name 'ere! That's twice in ten minutes! Hahaha!
About to call it a night and catch sum zzz tired and my princess not sleepy at allplease cum get yo child	I am about to go to sleep, and catch some Z's, I am tired and my princess is not sleepy at allplease come and get your child in order to put her to bed	I'm fixin' to hit the hay and grab me some shut-eye. But I'm plum tuckered out, and my little princess ain't showin' no signs of tiredness at all. So if you wouldn't mind, could you please come and get your child so we can put her to bed?
This jazz right now>>>>>>So soothingit just takes my mind off of shitthat I be thinking about	This jazz is so soothing that it just takes my mind off of the shitthat I'm thinking about	This here jazz is so calmin' that it jus' makes my mind forget them troubles I been thinkin' 'bout.
Sitting On My Bed Bored AF >>>>> Wishing My Future Was Heraaa :), But He Not -_-	Sitting on my bed bored as hell, wishing my man was here. (smiley face)But he's not. (mad face	Settin' on me bed feelin' mighty bored and aggravated, longin' my man was here. (grinning face) But he ain't. (pouting face)
I also went on "swimming dates" by saying I was goingto pool who wit me?!	I also went on \"swimming dates\" by saying I was goingto the pool, who's with me?	I reckon I went on what they call \"swimmin' dates\"" by sayin' I was headin' to the pool, anybody comin' with me?
U right! I did lie! aint makin it to NFC champ game. Notif def playin this way!	You're right, I did lie! I can't make it to the NFC championship game. Notif they're playing this way	You're dead on, I did fib! Ain't gonna be able to make it to that there NFC championship game. Even if they're playin' like that.
Only if they lose by 3. If they win by 7 then will be all about his guts. Better to do itearly in game than late.	Only if they lose by three points. If they win by seven, then we will focus on him. It is better to do itearlier in the game than later in the game	Ain't nobody gonna get our attention unless they lose by three points. But if they win by seven, then we'll be lookin' at him. It's best to do it earlier in the game rather than later on.
yea but I can't see 11 months making it, NOW u need extra check to make it tho...and Iknow bout that poor life	Yeah, but I can't see 11 months making it. Now u need extra checks to make it though, and Iknow about that poor life	Yessiree, but eleven months, I don't think it's gonna make it. Now you gotta have some extra checks to get through, and I know 'bout that hard life.
Profound understanding. is like the incredible hulk.. take me at my best ormeet me at my worst."	Profound understanding is like The Incredible Hulk. \"Take me at my best ormeet me at my worst\"	Deep comprehension is like The Incredible Hulk. "Git yer best shot of me or git yer worst"
All dat education and still having to suck dick in the back of the DatingGame has to be humbling...	All that education and still having to suck dick in the back of the Dating   Game has to be humbling	All that learnin' an' still havin' to take dick in the back of the Dating Game, that's gotta be somethin'.
Sideline security guard back prolly broken after such a clean hit. Somebody about tocash in on disability soon!	The sideline security guard’s back is probably broken after such a direct hit. He is about to be able to get disability benefits soon	That there sideline security guard's back is prob'ly busted good after takin' such a direct hit. He's fixin' to be able to git them disability benefits real soon.
Ppl watching downtown has to be some of the funniest shitu can do down here.	When you're downtown, people watching is fun.  You can see some funny things down there if you want to	Downtown, when you're sittin' around, people watchin' can be real entertaining. You might see somethin' funny goin' on down there if you're lookin'.
Sideline hate? The more dominant the Falcons are early, the more likely I think they will lose. And Iwant them to win ."	Sideline hate? The more dominant the Falcons are early, the more likely I think they are to lose. Iwant them to win	Sideline haters, y'all? The stronger them Falcons play early on, the more I reckon they're gonna lose me. But I really hope they win.
Hey I'm wondering how Brady getting fined for nearly kicking a hole thru Reed? Had noprob getting Suh tho huh?	I'm wondering how Brady got fined for nearly kicking a hole thru Reed? He had noproblem getting Suh though	I'm ponderin' how Brady got himself fined for near 'bout kickin' a hole through Reed, but he didn't have no trouble gettin' Suh.
Aye I insulted ur height as a man...I need a rebuttalfor my pls and thanks	Hey, I insulted your height as a man. I need a rebuttalPlease and thank yo	Hey now, you went and made a joke 'bout my height, seein' as I'm a man. I reckon I deserve a comeback, so how about you try again? Please and thank you.
Technology is the ultimate Can be so simple yet complex. Everytime you think you figured it outthere is more to learn.	Technology is the ultimate example of something that can be so simple yet so complex. Every time you think you have figured it outthere is more to learn	Technology's the biggest demonstration of one thing bein' so plain and yet so intricate. Every time y'all believe y'all got it figurered, there's still more to grasp.
I figga if u can bring ya self to even do some hoe acts, your fargone. Eg GangBang by Hoopsquad	I figure if you can bring yourself to even perform some whore acts, you're fargone (e.g., Gang Bang by Hoop Squad)	If y'all can work up the nerve to do some real low-down dirty stuff like that, then y'all ain't got no hope left (e.g., Gang Bang by Hoop Squad)
"#Sagittarius & have a connection that is out of this world. When they fall in love there isno falling out of it."	Sagittarius have a personality that is very outstanding. when they fall in love with a personthey do not get pass this love so easily	Folks born under the sign of Sagittarius got a real stand-out kind of personality. When one of 'em falls in love with someone, they don't let go of that love so easy.
U niggaz make it HARD for me to leave the crib! Especially after a good workout dat got me sore...	You guys make it very hard for me to leave the house. Especially after a good work out that’s got me feeling sore.	Y'all make it real tough on me to get outta this house. It's even harder after I've had a good workout leavin' me feelin' all sore.
He talking bout she must be a cover up, why is hewith her.. I was ctfu	He's talking about \"she must be a cover up\", why is he with her? I was cracking the fuck up	He's goin' on 'bout "she must be hidin' something", but why in the world is he with her? I was laughin' my ass off.
the min his team miss 3 open shots dat he pass up for the team,ak kobe will be back	The minute his team misses three open shots that he passed to them,it'll be ok because Kobe will be back	When his team fails to make three easy shots that he gave 'em, it ain't no big deal 'cause Kobe'll be back.
I forgot the best one was "Forever Boy".:-) :-) :-) :-):-) :-) :-) :-) <3	I forgot that the best was \"Forever Boy\"!N/	I forgot 'bout that, the best was \"Forever Boy\"!\!.
I maybe petty, but I count the mins I work and stay schemingon 35 hours work weeks...	I may look alright, but I count the minutes I work and I work hard at keepingmy 35 hour work weeks.	I might seem all right, but I'm always tickin' off the minutes I got to work, and I put in a real effort to keep my thirty-five hour work weeks.
. Who Is My Momma To Tell Me How To Get My Hair , I Told Her She Gt HaOwn Head , She Bold!	Who is my mother to tell me how to get my hair cut. I told her that she has herown head. She is bold.	Who is mama supposed to be tellin' me 'bout gettin' my hair cut? I told her that she got her own head. She's bold.
I wonder how many dudes getting called up to "Boo" status not knowing they beingused to Valentine Day Dates...ONLY!	I wonder how many guys who are now being called boyfriends don't realize that they used to be Valentine's Day Dates, only	I reckon there's plenty of fellas out there who ain't got a clue that they was once Valentine's Day dates for all them gals callin' 'em boyfriends now.
we actually had a great time and was served by a nonflamboyant homosexual...patronshots only 8 bucks 2!	We actually had a great time and were served by a non flamboyant homosexual. Patronshots were only 8 bucks for 2	We had a real good time there, and the service was given by a non-showy gay person. The drinks, called patron shots, cost just 8 dollars for two.
The Lord is good, a refuge in times of trouble. He cares for those who trustin him - Nahum 1:7	The Lord is good, a refuge in times of trouble. He cares for those who trustin him - Nahum 1:	The Good Lord is our shelter, specially in hard times. He looks after them that put their trust in Him. - Nahum 1:
Its cute that yall have been together for so long, but it doesn't meananything if you weren't faithful	It's cute that you all have been together for so longanything if you weren't faithfu	It's sure purty ya'll have been stickin' together so long, anything different if y'all wasn't bein' faithful.
"God will keep sending the same ppl across your path until u learn the lesson u aremeant to learn from them."	\"God will keep sending the same people across your path, until you learn the lesson that you aremeant to learn from them.\	"God's gonna keep sendin' the same folks in yer way, till ya learn the lesson God meant for ya to learn from 'em."
Asking somebody to do something instead of telling them, and saying thankyou makes all the difference	Asking somebody to do something instead of telling them, and saying thankyou, makes all the difference	Askin' sombody to do sumthin' instad of tellin' 'em, and sayin' thankyou, makes it all differnt.
Today is my last day drinking pop and cuttin back on drinkingalcohol.! My kidneys are bad.!	Today is my last day drinking pop and I’m cutting back on drinkingalcohol! My kidneys are bad	Today's mah final day drinkin' soda and I's cuttin' way back on drinkin' alcohol! Mah kidneys ain't so good.
this is Olivia & I am in NOLA & Tunein is not connecting-Letme in, let me in.	This is Olivia and I am in New Orleans and Tunein is not connecting. Letme in, let me in	This here's Olivia speakin'. I'm right here in New Orleans, but Tunein ain't connectin'. Let me in, let me in!
When I tell Halston my plans for next few months his expressionis going to be this	When I tell Halston my plans for the next few months, his expressionis going to be this	When I tell Halston 'bout my plans fer the next few months, his face is gonna have that look.
this would be the biggest swerve in wrestling history. You working with the shield.Them destroying punk and heyman.	This would be the biggest swerve in wrestling history. You working with The Shield.Those people destroying Punk and Heyman	This here'd be the biggest shocker in wrestlin' ever. You teamin' up with them Shield folks. They been wreakin' havoc on Punk and Heyman.
Duh its called drowning, tell me shit I don't no Bitch. You can diefrom drinking too much water."	It's called drowning. Tell me something I don't know. You can diefrom drinking too much water	It's called drownin'. You tell me somethin' I don't know? Well, you can die from drinkin' too much water. That's a fact I didn't know till now.
u guys r so CORNY! Ha get it. Cause the dogsnickname is.. Ahh fuck it.	You guys are so corny! Ha get it? Because the dog’s nickname is... Ahh fuck it	Y'all is sure actin' real cheesy now! Hee hee, you know why? 'Cause that old dog what we call... Aww shucks, forget it.
Wat y'all see us spending we can afford to do it Cus we ain'tbring it all wit us	Whatever you see us spending, it's okay, we can afford it.  Besides, we aren't going to be ableto bring it with us	Whatever y'all spendin', it's all good, we got the money for it. Ain't no way we'll be able to carry it with us when we move on.
merchhhh u can . Awee nd go talk to dhat lil bitchdat wanna fuck widdchuu !!!	Merch u can. And go talk to that little bitchthat wants to fuck with you	You can sell them merchandise. And go tell that there little gal, who wants to mess with you.
That Weird Feeling When You Got Headphones In Yo Ear AndYou Think Somebody Calling You	That weird feeling when you have headphones in your ears andyou think someone is calling you	That strange feelin' you get when you got headphones in yer ears and ya think somebody's callin' ya.
U THINK IM PLAYING IM DONEEE ! ON STONEE IM NOT FENNA KEEPARGUIN WIDDCHO BITCHESS BOAA !	You think I'm playing, I'm done. On stone, I'm not fixing to keeparguing with you bitches, damn	You think I'm foolin' around, but I ain't gonna keep on arguin' with y'all. Damn right, I'm done.
Right, Ran Script With A Straight Face To The Po Po...That Devil PunanyTurnt Him The Fuk Out...	Right, ran the script with a straight face to the police. That devil female genitaliaturned him the fuck out	Right, went ahead and read that there script with a poker face to the lawmen. But that there female private parts really threw him for a loop.
Fuck That You Win Some And Lose Some And This Time Shid I LostThe Love Of My Life	Fuck that. You win some, you lose some. And this time, shit, I lostthe love of my life	Well, fuck that. Life's like that sometimes. Win some, lose some. And this time around, damn it all, I lost the one I loved most.
Ik y she mad nd I hate it. I wish it was a way I cld save her. I hatehoes dat make her mad.	I know why she is mad and I hate it. I wish there was a way I could save her. I hatehoes that make her mad	I knows why she's all riled up, an' it just sets my teeth on edge. I wishes there was some way I could save her from this mess. I can't abide them hoes that's makin' her so mad.
These bitches love Sosa. Man, who the fuck is Sosa??? And what is a cobra? Is thatthe same as a choppa?	The women love sosa.  Who is sosa? What is a cobra ? Is that The same as a gun	The women really like Sosa. As to who Sosa is, I'm just the translator and don't have that information. Regarding your other questions, "cobra" could be referring to a type of snake or a gang called the Cobras. As for whether it's the same as a gun, no, they are not the same thing. A gun is a firearm used to launch projectiles, while a cobra (snake) is a venomous snake that can deliver a deadly bite. Similarly, a Cobra (gang) is a criminal organization known for its violent activities.
They say Dick Clark Has a Rockin New Tears Eve but I know that GreaterHarvest is ROCKIN right now!!!!	They say that Dick Clark has a Rocking New Year's Eve, but I know that GreaterHarvest is rocking right now	Folks be sayin' that Dick Clark had himself a real Rockin' New Year's Eve, but lemme tell ya, GreaterHarvest is the one truly rockin' at this moment.
I really don't care who u kno. I'm just telling u what u look like(sorry if I sound rude)	I really don't care who you know. I'm just telling you what you look like.I'm sorry if I sound rude	I reckon I don't give a hoot who ya know. I'm jus' tellin' ya what ya look like. I'm real sorry if I come off as rude.
I keep telling you my answer but you don't listen I don't think it registers to you but if you don't wantme around fine.....always told you	I keep telling you my answer but you don't listen. I don't think it registers with you, but if you don't wantme around, fine. I always told you	I keeps tellin' ya mah answer, but ya just ain't payin' attention. I reckon it just ain't registerin' with ya, but if ya don't wanna me hangin' 'round, that's fine. I always told ya.
You and Phadera should sit down and talk you were very good friends don't let money or a tape orthe fakes come in between.	You and Phadera should sit down and talk. You were very good friends. Don't let the money, or a tape,or the fakes come in between	Y'all and Phadera oughta set y'allsselves down and have a heart-to-heart. Y'all was real good pals. Don't let no money, or a tape, or them fakes come in between y'all.
That's a text I'm not looking forward to one of my former students lost his battle with a rare muscle diseasetoday! Condolences to his Fam!	That's a text I'm not looking forward to. One of my former students lost his battle with a rare muscle diseasetoday. Condolences to his family	That's a text I ain't lookin' forward to none. One of my old pupils fought the good fight against a rare muscle disease, but he didn't make it today. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
im done with dealing with a nigga that aint mines like that chapterof my life ova "	I am done with dealing with a individual that is not mine because that chapterof my life is over	I've had enough of dealin' with somebody else's business, 'cause that part of my life is closed.
And the final reason you know God IS KEEPING YOU IS BECAUSEYOU WOKE UP THIS MORNING!	And the final reason you know God is keeping you is becauseyou woke up this morning	An' the last reason you knows God's lookin' out for ya is 'cause you woke up this mornin'.
And I'm Hitting Ya Dame,MatterFact That's Ya Main,MatterFact I Never Fucked, SheJust Gave Me Some Brain	I'm having intimate relations with your significant other. However, we never had sex, sheonly gave me a blowjob	I've been gettin' mighty close with your honey. But lemme make this clear - we ain't gone all the way yet. She only went down on me once.
My bitch said boy u got a shoe fetish u ain't got 2 buyem cause they come out	My Bitch said \"Boy, you got a shoe fetish you do not have to buythem because they come out.\	My wife went and said, "Babe, you got this here thing for shoes, but you don't have to be buyin' em none. Cause they just keep on comin' out."
Quiz posted for next week it's not due until Saturday at midnight I'm an over achiever I'm doing it rightnow at the bar lol	The quiz posted for next week isn't due until Saturday at midnight, but I'm an over-achiever. I'm doing it rightnow at the bar - how funny	The quiz what's gonna be up fer next week ain't due till Saturday night at midnight, but I'm a real go-getter. I'm doin' it right now at the bar - ain't that a hoot?
If u hustle still got 2 have a 9 2 5 keep them laws off urass and them thirsty hoes	If you hustle, you still have to have a nine to five job to keep law enforcement off yourass and them thirsty hoes.	If you work real hard, you'll likely need to hold down a nine to five job. That way, the cops'll leave you alone and those persistent women won't be all over you.
Congrats , you will be a beautiful bride! I still need to get to atl for a visit. Im going todo better in 13 lol.	Congratulations! You will be a beautiful bride! I still need to get to Atlanta for a visit. I'm going todo better in 2013. Laughing out loud	Congrats! You're gonna make a purty bride! Ain't been to Atlanta yet fer a visit. Gonna try and do better in 2013. Laughin' out loud.
However i dated someone who would never let me pay but he was very possessive so i agree youbenefit more by offering sometimes	However, I dated someone who would never let me pay, but he was very possessive. So I agree, youbenefit more by offering sometimes	Howevah, I went out with somebody whud nehver lemme pay, but he wuz real protective. So I guess it's true, ya benefit mo' by offerin' somethin' every now and then.
I need 2 put my dam case on my phone iPonelike a new born :-(	I need to put my damn case on my phone. My iPhone is like a newborn.	I got to put my blasted phone case on. My iPhone acts just like a newborn baby.
but it will all work out in your favor in the end , if they really are your friends! Just focuson you being a beautiful	But it will all work out in your favor in the end if they really are your friends! Just focuson you; being beautiful	But in the long run, ev'rythang'll work out fer y'all if them folks is truly y'alls friends. Jus' keep focus on y'all selves; bein' purty an' all.
Nigga you say you wanna take a ride! Get in! I grew up on theother side! Gettin it in!	Black person, you say you want to take a ride! Get in! I grew up on theother side! Getting it in	Black feller, you claim you wanna hop in! Climb aboard! I come from the other side! Let's get this going.
awwwwww i wish and would love to. I so need to. I was so scared. After that wreck it effectedmy road tripping. Miss u	Aw, I wish and would love to. I so need to. I was so scared. After that wreck, it affectedmy road trips. I miss you	Aww, I sure do wish I could and I'd absolutely love to. I really need to. I was plumb scared out of my wits after that car accident. It left me feelin' uneasy about my future road trips. I sure do miss you.
I still got endless bottle of trashy peach Amsterdam left..lol" yess u had endlessbottles left I'm ova dere	I still have endless bottles of trashy peach Amsterdam left. I'm laughing out loud. Yes, you had endlessbottles left. I'm over there	chucklin' my head off.I's just set here laughin'. You had all them bottles lef'.
dang homie. I want to be like you when i grow up lol. What troubleyall get into in atl?	Dang friend, I want to be like you when I grow up. That's funny. What troubleare you all getting into in Atlanta	Dang buddy, I reckon I wanna be just like you when I grows up. Ain't that somethin'. What kind of mischief y'all gettin' up to in Atlanta these days?
remember Mer soccer game " yea I used to be mad ass shit outthere ya was too wild	\"Remember Mer soccer game?\" Yeah, I used to be mad as shit outthere. You were too wild	"Member that Mer soccer match?" Yessiree, I was plum pissed off out there. You was a-wildin' too.
Let the Truth be Told! ..hope u enjoyed the first episode" it was great. Im gladyou coming into your own	Let the truth be told! I hope you enjoyed the first episode; it was great. I'm gladyou are coming into your own	Let the truth have its say! I sure did enjoy the first episode; it was something else. I'm right glad to see you findin' your way.
Torn my acl in my back my back fried tryin lifta rack of clothes smh	Tore my ACL in my back, my back is fried from trying to lifta rack of clothes	Torn my ACL in my back, but my back's shot from tryin' to lift a rack of clothes.
Haha MY MAN! Big Dante what's good wit it send me thosevideos lol"need ur number again	How funny, my man! Big Dante, how is it going? Send me thosevideos. I'm laughing - I need your number again	Hee-haw, my buddy! ol' Big Dante, how are you farin'? Send me them videos. I's laughin' - I needs your number once more.
that's good to hear but jus hit me whenever I got the same number"awe look at this lmao	That’s good to hear, but it just hits me whenever I have the same number. Awe, look at this. I’m laughing my ass off!	Awe, that's somethin'. It always gets to me though when I got the same dang number. Look at this here. I'm just laughin' my head off!
Money running from me thtz why im on dat paper chase, you betta hope he dnt run to you idgaf ima catch ah case some ofof yu niggas rap like	I'm spending money. That's why I'm looking for money. You better hope he didn't run to you. I don't give a fuck. I'll commit murder.Some of you people rap like..	I'm spendin' my money. That's why I'm huntin' for some more. Hope he didn't come runnin' to you. I don't give a damn. I'll kill a man. Some of y'all rap like...
Heavy d eating the chicken right out the grease ctfu , talkin bout u did dat lmao" that shit burnt theroot of my mouf smfh	Heavy D eating the chicken right out the grease, shut the fuck up. Talking about you did that, laughing my ass off. That shit burnt theroof of my mouth, shaking my fucking head	Heavy D chowin' down on that chicken straight from the grease, hush your mouth. You goin' on 'bout you done that, laughin' my ass off. That shit burnt the roof of my mouth, I'm shakin' my fuckin' head.
And fly niggas come third cause he might aint gt no money but he can still pull dabaddest bitch in da building	And a stylish black person comes third because he may not have any money, but he can still attract themost attractive woman in the building	An' a real sharp-dressed colored feller comes in third 'cause he might not have no cash, but he can still draw the most eye-catchin' gal in the whole buildin'.
u let Lil Wayne hit u mind ass well let me hit for 1200wen I get my taxes	You allowed Lil Wayne have sexual relations with you, in that case you should consider me as well for 1200when I receive my taxes	In that situation where you let Lil Wayne have sex with you, you oughta think about me too when I get my taxes, which is around 1200.
YA BITCHES GOIN IN THE NAIL SALON LOOKIN LIKE SHEEPS COMEOUT LOOKIN LIKE GOATS LMFAO	You bitches are going into the nail salon looking like sheep.You're going to come out looking like goats. I'm laughing my fucking ass off	Y'all are goin' into that nail salon lookin' like a herd of sheep. But don't you worry, you'll come out lookin' more like goats than when you went in. And let me tell ya, I'm laughin' my goddamn ass off at the thought of it.
People Be Like I Kan Draw!!!!WTF This A Damn Stick Figure....Response: Best OneEver....Me: Shiiidd...Response: Nigga Fuck You	People tell me I can draw. What the fuck. This is a damn stick figure. They tell me, \"This is the best oneever!\". I say, \"shit.\" They respond, \"Fuck you.\	Folks keeps tellin' me I got the knack for drawin'. Well, I'll be damned. This here's just a stick figure. They go on, "This is the best one ever!" I say, "shit." They retort, "Fuck you."
need a lockout corner josh Wilson be lunchin they cheated for you doe I locked boy up and the ball wentpass his head I died	Josh wilson checks out of the game in his head but his team helped him to cheat. I got the guy tripped up on the court and the ball went                                                         pasr his head and I died laughing	Josh Wilson disqualifies himself from the game in his mind, but his team helped him to cheat. I managed to make that fella stumble on the court, and the ball went right past his head, but I hollered myself sick laughin' about it.
Sometimes i wish i had never met you, so when i lay in bed at night i wouldn't haveanything to be sad about.	I don't want to know you so when I have time to think i don'tthink about yo	I don't wanna know ya none, so when I got some free time to ponder, I ain't thinkin' 'bout you.
THIS CHIEF KEEF CD MITE BE THE CD OF THE CENTURY I SWEAR!!!"future mixtape betterlls" NAW CHEIF KEEF VOICE	This Chief Keef CD might be the CD of the century, I swear! A future mix tape will be betterwith Chief Keef's voice	That there Chief Keef CD just might be the best CD ever made, I swears it! But a future mix tape is gonna be even better with Chief Keef's voice in it.
so that's funny.... so u tryin to front on twitter? Lmao.... dnt denyur love for me bofl	So that's funny. So you are trying to be fake on twitter? Laughing my ass off. Don't denyyour love for me. Burst out fucking laughing	Well, that's a hoot! So you're tryna pull a fast one on Twitter, hee-haw! I'm rollin' on the floor laughin'. Don't go denyin' your feelins' for me now. I'm just bust out laughin' my socks off.
We gettin old as shit smh lls I remember when was 9 like yesterday" wen weain't have no worries lls	We are getting very old, I remember when we were 9 like it was yesterday when we didn't have any worrie	We's gettin' mighty old now, I recalls when we was just nine year olds, it seems like only yesterday when we didn't have no worries at all.
"I used to be like you in Highschool, emotional, hyper, sexuallyconfused" "I'm not sexually confused!"	\"I used to be like you in Highschool, emotional, hyper, sexuallyconfused\" \"I'm not sexually confused!\	"I used to act just like you in high school, all worked up, full of energy, and sexually unsure." "I ain't sexually unsure!"
Yaw dnt understand my struggle, I was a tall kid, I was solddreams" u was doe smh	You don't understand my struggle. I was a tall kid. I was solddreams. You were, though. Shaking my head	You don't get my hardships. I was a big kid growed up. They sold me dreams. But you did it too. Just noddin' my head.
my computer was acting crazy and wouldn't play it but I'll listen to itbefore I leave for work	My computer was malfunctioning and wouldn't play but I'll listen to itBefore I leave for wor	My puter was actin' up and refusin' to play no more, but I'll give it an ear before I head off to work.
raven dat would ben yo last fight girl idk wat type of bitch u think i am butbby im far from scared	Raven, that would have been your last fight. I don't know what type of bitch you think I am butbaby, I'm far from scared	Raven, that'd 'a been yer last fight. I ain't got no idea what kind of dog ya think I am, but baby, I'm a long way from bein' scared.
thats y he came bk but lol he loved u more lol n no boo now that wr togetha he aint inbox or tweet no bodylol u mad he left	That's why he came back but, laugh-out-loud, he loved you more, laugh-out-loud, and no, Boo, now that we're together, he doesn't email or Tweet anybody,laugh-out-loud, you're mad he left	That's why he come back, but, hollerin' out loud, he loved you more, hollerin' out loud, and no, Boo, now that we's together, he don't email or Tweet nobody, hollerin' out loud, you're mad 'cause he left.
Rotflmmfao Kd screaming " Do Yo Dance On My Dick Ooo Baby I Love It!! " Lol My Momma "Kd stfu " Dying Laughing!!!	I'm rolling on the floor laughing my fucking ass off. This kid is screaming, \"Do your dance on my dick. Oh, baby I love it!\" I'm laughing at my mom saying,\"Kid, shut the fuck up.\" I'm dying laughing	I'm rollin' on the floor laughin' my damn fool head off. This here kid is screamin', "Do your dance on my dick. Oh, baby I love it!" I'm laughin' at my mama sayin', "Kid, shut the fuck up." I'm dyin' laughin'.
My classes for this semester all seem to have A-potential. Ijust have to keep focus.	My classes for this semester all seem to have the potential for me to get an A. I just have to keep focused.	My classes this semester all got that somethin' about 'em makin' me think I got a good shot at gettin' an A, as long as I keeps my mind on the ball.
lol mane nun trippin of theze hoez OG she said she'll fuck my nigga to mak me mad, dats wat i wnther dumass to do anyway	Laughing out loud, the main one of these whores is tripping. Original gangster, she said she'll fuck my black person to make me mad. That's what I wanther dumb ass to do anyway	Hee-haw, the oldest prostitute amongst 'em is actin' up. OG, she bragged 'bout makin' my black friend jealous. That's what I wanted that fool to do anyways.
Oh my gosh, yes! The rain and cold weather has keptme from the band room.	Oh my gosh, yes! The rain and cold weather has keptme from the band room	Lawd have mercy, yes indeedy! The rain and chill in the air has kept me away from the band room.
Lord help us. Well if so, it won't be in my room. Ilike silence while I'm sleeping.	Lord help us. Well, if so, it won't be in my room. Ilike silence while I'm sleeping	Lawd have mercy on us. If that's the case, it won't be happenin' in my bedroom. I prefer quiet when I'm sleepin'.
I HAD TO QUIT SMOKING WEED A NIGGA WASNT GETTING NO HIGHER AND I DONE BEEN HIGHER THAN HIGHBELIEVE THAT..LMAO OVERDOSE STYLE :-)	I had to stop smoking marijuana, I was not getting any more of a high from it and I have had a higher high from it Understand that, hahahaha nearly overdosing	I had to quit smokin' that marijuana, see. Ain't been gettin' no more of them highs from it. But lemme tell ya, I've had me some higher highs from that there stuff, hahaha! Nearly overdosed on it, too!
I swear I hate stuck up people like they act like theybetter then everybody else smfh	I swear, I hate stuck up people that act like they’re better than everybody else. I’m shaking my fucking head.	I swan, I can't abide them highfalutin' folks what act like they're above it all. My head's a-shakin'.
Im talkin to my friend about the whole situation and hemakin me feel better =)	I'm talking to my friend about the whole situation and he'smaking me feel better	I'm chattin' with my buddy 'bout the whole shebang, and he's makin' me feel a whole lot better.
I'm off work!!!! Yessss and I got a friend coming to visit ANDoff tomorrow!! WHERE THE HOES??	I'm off work! Tomorrow I have a friend that is visiting andI'm off work tomorrow! Where are the girls!	I ain't got no work tomorrow! Got a friend comin' to visit, and I ain't got no work tomorrow! Where y'all the gals at?
Don't judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do, there's a reasonI am who I am."	Don't judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do. There's a reasonI am who I am	Don't be passin' judgment on me. You ain't got the guts to deal with half of what I've been through. There's a reason I do the things I do. There's a reason I'm the way I am.
Had to change my avi cause I had a bottle in my hand..Idon't even drink no more..	I had to change my avatar because I had a bottle in my hand. Idon't even drink anymore	I had to switch out my picture 'cause I had a bottle in my hand. Ain't even drinkin' no more.
Funny how people only pray and go to church during hard times andstop when it's all good	It's funny how people only pray and go to church during hard times, andstop when things are all good	It's real funny how folks only pray in the church when they got troubles, but forget all about it when things is goin' good.
Can't wait to get off...5 o'clock cmon me and my homie getting us sum good food and good drankand talk sum shit lol	Can't wait to get off. 5 o'clock, come on. Me and my friend are going to get some good food and drinksand talk some shit. That's funny	Can't hardly wait 'til I can git off. Five o'clock, let's go. Me an' my buddy's fixin' to git us some good grub an' brews an' shoot the breeze. That there's funny.
I was thankful for all the cuz I feel more smilesin 2k13 bigger and wider	I was thankful for all of that because I feel more smiles in 2013 that are bigger and wider.	I were mighty grateful fer ever'thing 'cause I feels like I seen more genuine grins in 2013. Them grins was bigger an' wider than any I had seen afore.
What's the deal: Alicia Keys sing the National Anthem and Beyonce soon the half time show. Mytv will be on mute	What is going on? Alicia Keys and Beyonce will sing the National Anthem soon during the half time show.My TV will be muted	What in tarnation's goin' on, y'all? Alicia Keys and Beyoncé is fixin' to sing the National Anthem real soon now durin' the half time show. My television set is gonna be all quiet-like.
This is the end of wk 4, so you should have $10 saved. Nextwk, you will save $5	This is the end of week four, so you should have $10 saved. Nextweek, you will save $5	This here the end of week four, so y'all oughta have ten dollas saved. Next week, y'all gon' save five.
I'm the newest member of the clothing brand... 2k13 stay tune.... Dropping crews nextweek.. Check out to preView	I’m the newest member of the clothing brand. 2013 stay tuned. Drawing crews next week. Check out to preview.	I'm the newest hire at that there clothing brand. 2013, y'all hang on. Gonna be drawin' crews commencin' next week. Go check it out if you want a sneak peek.
man you a lie...I aint seen you since July 6, 2011...soI kno u flexin lol	Man, you're lying. I haven't seen you since July 6th, 2011, soI know you're exaggerating. I'm laughing	Man, you're bullshittin'. I ain't seen ya since July 6th, 2011. So I knows you's just braggin'. I's laughin'.
, l miss you likee everyday wannaa be w. But your away, l miss you missinn you insanee but if I got w. Youwould it feel samee samee	I miss you everyday, I want to be with you.  But, you're away, I am really missing you. But, if I got with youwould I still feel the same	I miss ya every day, an' I wanna be with ya. But, you're gone, an' I'm really missin' ya. But, if I was with ya, would I still feel the same?
I'm giving what's giving to me, either my All or youjust another face in the	I'm giving what's giving to me, either my all or you'rejust another face in th	I'm passin' on what's bein' passed on to me, it's all of mine or you're just another face in the crowd.
, by mysidee i swallow my pridee your lovee is completee it knockss me ritee off of my feet … can't explain why yourlovee it makess me weak	By my side I swallow my pride. Your love is complete. It knocks me right off my feed. I can’t explain why your love makes me weak.	By my side, I swallows my pride real purty for y'all. Your love's done completed the package. It hits me so hard, I can't even stand straight no more. Can't rightly explain why y'all's love makes this old Southern boy feel so weak-kneed and helpless.
PSA: ion got Shiz to do w/ nothing that don't concern the well being ofnever been the talking type	Public Service Announcement: ion has nothing to do with anything. That doesn't concern me.I have never been the type to talk	Public Service Announcement: ion ain't got nothin' to do with nothin'. That don't concern me none. I've always been the quiet type, never been one to yap.
Tf ' &&& if itss on my pagee you mustaa been twatchinn me hard clappinn your gumss bout somethinn l saidit aint in my tweetss	What the fuck. If it's on my page, you must have been watching me and carrying on about something I said.It isn't in my tweets	What the hell. If it's on my page, you must've been snoopin' and carryin' on 'bout somethin' I said. It ain't in my tweets.
War, Prejudice, Molesters, Liver-n-Onions, Nuclear Weapons, Parents Fighting, Taking Naps &The very thought of death:(	War, Prejudice, Molesters, Liver-n-Onions, Nuclear Weapons, Parents Fighting, Taking Naps  andthe very thought of death.	War, prejudice, perverts, liver 'n onions, nuclear weapons, parents fightin', takin' naps and the very thought of dyin'.
Who wants to go out to eat wit me??? My treat! " TUH PUH nowcan't pass up the 99	\"Who wants to go out to eat with me? My treat!\" Now Tuh Puh can't pass up the 99	cent deal,Who amongst y'all wanna go out to eat with me? I'll be payin'! Ain't nothin' like a 99 cent bargain!
I saw you on WW TODAY, you one classy lady. Congrats for making the Ebony cover,that is a beautiful cover.	I saw you on WW magazine today; you are a classy lady. Congratulations for making the Ebony cover;it is beautiful	I seen ya in WW mag'zine toddey; ya is a real classy gal. Ain't that right, congratulations on makin' the Ebony covah; it's purty as a picture.
Up watching NBA TV... This nigga Isaih is boring as hell. He need to stick to coaching or beinga GM or some shit...	I'm awake and watching the NBA on TV. This player Isaih is as boring as hell. He needs to stick to coaching or beinga GM or something	I'm wide awake an' watchin' the NBA on the telly. This here fella they calls Isaih, he's about as interesting as a wet dishrag. He oughta stick to coachin' or bein' a GM or somethin'.
It must be hard for chics they know when they deserve better but can’t tell when he just triflingor just needs some space	It must be hard for women that know they deserve better, but can't tell when a guy is playing aroundor just needs some space	It's prob'ly tough on women that knows they deserve more, but can't tell if a fella's jus' playin' around or jus' need some room.
Muthafuckas must be smokin, dat la la la or crack, 45 gun smoke choke off dat, lets get back to the musicI ain't with all that	People must be smoking weed or crack cocaine. Choke on my gunsmoke. Let's get back to the music.I don't concern myself with that	Folks gotta be smokin' some marijuana or crack cocaine. Choked up on my gunsmoke. Let's get back to the tunes. Ain't got no time for that.
that's how I felt when u asked me how I spent a whole 50$ ofya money in Greek village	That’s how I felt when you asked me how I spent all $50 of your money in Greek Village.	That's how I felt when you asked me 'bout how I spent all that $50 of your money down in Greek Village.
Maybe one day ill post one of my written works show y’all the more intellectual siden just my ratchet one	Maybe one day I will post one of my written works to show you all the more intellectual sidenot just my stupid one	Maybe one day I'll share one of mah writin' works with y'all, so y'all can see there's more to me than just bein' a fool.
Ok so got Catfished... He asked the girl to come seehim after several phone conversations	Okay, so he got catfished. He asked the girl to come seehim after several phone conversations	Alrighty then, he got himself in a pickle. He asked that gal to pay him a visit after a few chats on the phone.
man so much behind it though long story we talk tomorrow but felt like I was letting mysorrows go on them weights	Man, there is so much behind it. It's a long story. We'll talk tomorrow but I felt like I was letting mysorrows go on those weights	Man, there's just so much to it. It's a real long tale. We'll chat again tomorrow, but I reckon I was kinda lettin' my sorrows go on, holdin' em back with them weights.
Chics wanna go to the club get sloppy drunk have random make out session then wake up in the AM like theywant a relationship with u	Chicks want to go to the club, get sloppy drunk, have random make out sessions, then wake up in the morning like theywant a relationship with you	Girls wanna go to the club, get real drunk and sloppy, have them random kissin' sessions, then wake up in the mornin' like they want a real relationship with ya.
lol I went 2 days without it ordered a new card same day I went out drunk n felt it in my boot whenI was walking lol lol	I'm laughing out loud. I went two days without it. I ordered a new card. The same day, I went out drunk and felt it in my boot whenI was walking. I'm laughing out loud	I's just haw-hawin' out loud. Been two whole days since I did. Ordered me a new deck. Same day, I got plastered and found it in mah boot when I was walkin'. I's just haw-hawin' out loud.
aye KID idk who house u be at sitting all over theirfurniture and shit lol lol	Hey man whose house are you spending your time at and sitting on theirfurniture and whatnot hahah	Hey there, partner, which house ya spendin' all yer time at? Sittin' on their furniture and whatnot, heheh.
cats really gotta run a mile at the gym take off drinks lotsof water just to survive	People really need to run a mile at the gym. Take off. Drink lotsof water just to survive	Folks really gotta hit the treadmill at the gym and run a mile. Y'all better take off, and drink boatloads of water just to make it through.
This lil boy in the salon just hit me so Iclipped him and he cried	This young boy within the salon just hit me, so Ipurposefully ruined his haircut, causing him to cry	That there little boy in the barber shop jus' hit me, so I on purpose messed up his haircut, makin' him holler.
wassup it dnt matter and wat type of setup the video gon be inor u dnt kno yet	What’s up? It doesn’t matter. What type of setup is the video game going to be in?Do you know yet?	Hey there, ain't nothin' important. I reckon you're askin' 'bout the kind of place a video game gon' be set up at, right? You figger that out yet?
I have a lot on my mind about wat is in store for me this year n in the future. Neverbeen hyped up like this.	I have a lot on my mind about what is in store for me this year and in the future. I've neverbeen excited like this	I got a whole lot swirlin' around in my head 'bout what's comin' up for me this year and down the line. Ain't never felt this thrilled before.
Happy Founders Day to all lovely ladies of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Hope y'all havea great day of celebration.	Happy Founder's Day to all the lovely ladies of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Hope you all havea great day of celebration	Happy Founder's Day to all y'all sweet ladies of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. I hope y'all have a real fine day of celebration.
The fact I have the chills and almost fainted is crazy. I really must be a lilsick or ain't liking me	The fact that I have some chills, and I almost fainted. I must be reallysick, this is not like me	Well, me havin' goose bumps an' near passin' out, I reckon I'm mighty sick. This ain't like me at all.
If a woman got on a matching Bra and Panty set on when she take off her clothes she knew shewas gone let you hit	If a woman is wearing a matching bra and panties set when she takes off her clothes, she knewshe was going to let you have sex with her	If a woman got on them matchin' underthings - bra and undies all the same color or pattern - when she took off her clothes, she planned on lettin' you have sex with her.
We as ppl should spend less time hating on the successful and more time trying to figure out whatthey did to get ahead	We as people should spend less time hating on the successful and more time trying to figure out what they did to get ahead	Folks like us oughta spend less time hatin' on them who done good and more time tryin' to understand what they did to get ahead.
This lil ninja just said I'm so disappointed mommy .... handson head and everything lol	This little kid just said, \"I'm so disappointed mommy...\" Handson head and everything. I'm laughing out loud	That there little tyke jus' come out an' say, \"Mommie, I's so disappointed...\" He had his head in his hands. I's laughin' my head off.
Since U Left Me Make Sure U Don't Come Back NomoreI'm tried of waiting !!!	Since you left me, make sure you don't come back anymore. I'm tired of waiting	Since you left me, see to it that you don't return no more. I'm plum tuckered out from all this waitin'.
My baby doesn't feel good so that means no rest formommy...pray she feels better soon	My baby doesn't feel good, so that means no rest forMommy. Pray she feels better soon	My little one ain't feelin' right, so that means no relaxin' for Mommy. Hope she gets better quick now.
My daughter is spazzing out over not being able to have candy all day. Lets me knowI made the right decision.	My daughter is having a temper tantrum about not being able to have any candy all day. It informs me thatI have made the correct decision	My little girl's throwin' one heck of a fit 'cause she can't get no candy at all this here day. She tells me I done got it right.
i cant relate to dis shyt doe.. i dont know how tomake cocaine.. idk a cuban...	I can't relate to this shit, though. I don't know how tomake cocaine. I don't know a Cuban	I can't connect to this here stuff, but. I don't know 'bout makin' coke. I don't know no Cuban...
Niggas dnt understand stop tryna be bout that life cuz being about thatlife can get u 6feet	Black people don't understand that they need to stop trying to be about that life, because being about thatlife can get you six feet under	Black folk don't get it, they gotta quit tryna live that way 'cause livin' that way can get ya six feet down.
when guys say dumb shit to get attention on Twitter, can we just callit a ? Yay? Nay?	When men say incompetent things in order to receive attention on twitter, can we just label it as a \"?\" Yes? No	When men go around sayin' foolish things just to get some notice on twitter, can we jus' put a question mark next to it instead of payin' it no mind? Yes? No.
Hoq do u stop five black men from rapin a whitewoman? Throw them ah basketball	How do you stop five black men from raping a whitewoman? Throw them a basketball.	How do you keep five dark-skinned fellas from attackin' a white woman? Toss 'em a basketball.
so I'm at this juke joint and they played the song when Dariusand Nina were Chicago stepping.	So I'm at this juke joint and they played the song when Dariusand Nina were Chicago stepping	Well, here I was at this there old juke joint, and they put on that tune where Darius and Nina was doin' their Chicago step.
Thundercats" I'm so lost on the $200 date origin, I'm not sure if you'respewing truth or sarcasm lol	Thundercats, I'm so lost on the $200 date origin, I'm not sure if you'respewing truth or sarcasm, laugh-out-loud	Thundercats, I'm plumb confused 'bout that $200 date origin of y'all's. I can't tell if y'all is spewin' the truth or just bein' sarcastic and laughin' it up, haw-haw!
NIGGAZ KNW THEY CAN FRONT DATS Y I WAKE UP SAY MY PRAYERS N B LIKEFUCK A NIGGA IM 3hunna	Black people know they can pretend. That's why I wake up, say my prayers and act likefuck a black person, I'm 300	Black folk knows they can put on a show. That's why I get up every mornin', say me prayers and act like I don't got a care in the world, but a black person is thirty years old.
I'm bout sue the shit outta TLC for this dum ass show... Wtf is a professionalMourner wtf wtf wtf smh	I'm about to sue the shit out of TLC for this dumb ass show. What the fuck is a professional Mourner? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? Shaking my head.	I'm fixin' to take TLC to court over this here stupid show. Now what in tarnation is a Professional Mourner? I'll tell ya, it don't make no sense to me. Shakin' my head.
It's actually a knock on those who do it knowing they aren't.But yes, I'm happy now	It's actually a knock on those who do it while knowing they aren't.But yes, I'm happy now	It's really a put-down for folks who do it knowin' they ain't. But yessiree, I'm feelin' good now.
Oh my god these bitches in here talkin bout hair.... Wish they stfu& do sum dam wrk	Oh, my God; these bitches in here are talking about hair. Wish they would shut the fuck upand do some damn work	Lawd have mercy; these gals in here is chatterin' 'bout hair. Wish they'd hush up and get some darn work done.
This morning in Sir Alex Ferguson's room** Wife: wake up its already 7. Ferguson:wat? they scored anothere one.	This morning in Sir Alex Ferguson's room. Wife says \"wake up it's already 7.\" Ferguson says\"What? they scored another one.\	This mornin' in Sir Alex Ferguson's bedroom. Wife says "wake up, it's already 7." Ferguson says "What? They scored another one?"
I'm not a cocky nigga, but I jus be feelin like no onecan really fuck wit me	I’m not a cocky guy, but I just feel like no one  can mess with me.	Ain't no humble fella ol' here, but I reckon there ain't nobody gonna get the best of me.
Either Im losing my mind or ppl outchea be choosing significant others that look like their uncle, father,mother or sister. Kinda creepy.	Either I'm imagining things, or a lot of people are choosing to date people who look like their uncle, their father, their mother, or their sister.  It's rather creepy, if you ask me	Either I'm seein' things that ain't there, or a whole lotta folks is choosin' to date folks who looks just like their uncle, their daddy, their mama, or their sister. It's mighty creepy, if you ask me.
But I'm an Aquarius, so it's in our nature to wanna bealone most of the time	But I'm an Aquarius, so it's in our nature to want to bealone most of the tim	But I'm an Aquarius, so it's in our nature to wanna be by ourselves most of the time.
aye real shit, Matt Schaub is not a accurate QB in myopinion. Just watch this game	Seriously, Matt Schaub is not an accurate quarterback in myopinion. Just watch this game	Dang straight, Matt Schaub ain't no precise quarterback in my view. You oughta see this here game.
dis ur homie SIX still streamin k104 all da every da frm D M I Crooked Letter Crooked Letter can i get a s/opla T James my Gold	This is your homie Six. I'm still streaming K104 all day, every day from DMI. Can I get a shout out!Play T. James, my gold	This here's yer buddy Six. I'm still crankin' K104 all day, every day from DMI. Ain't that right, T. James? My gold!
That moment wen u take a pic of yaself and actually see wat females betalkin bout.... I aint conceited.	That moment when you take a pic of yourself and actually see what females are   talking about. I'm not conceited	That time when you snap a selfie and all of a sudden, you understand why ladies be chattin'. I ain't boastin', promise.
& u stuck up chicks wonder why the so called ugly & or fat girls getting all the good men its cause they don'texpect man to do everything	And you stuck up women wonder why the so called ugly and/or fat women get all of the good men. It’s because they dont'expect their man to do everything.	And y'all stuck-up women is wondrin' why them supposedly "ugly" and/or "fat" women be gettin' all them good men. It's 'cause they don't expect their man to do every little thing.
When Kobe gets the ball, he gotta make one move and go. Dont wait for the defense tomake his shot more difficult.	When Kobe gets the ball, he needs to make one move and go. He shouldn't wait for the defense tomake his shot more difficult than it is	When Kobe gets hold of that ball, he gotta make himself one move and scoot on out. He shouldn't be sittin' there waitin' for them defense boys to make his shot a whole lot harder than it needs to be.
Too much salt will kill you! Guess that's why these haters keep throwing it on me lol I never leave the housew/out my salt proof vest	Too much salt will kill you! I guess that's why my critics keep bashing me. Laughing out loud. I never leave the housewithout my salt-proof vest	Too much salt'll kill ya, I reckon that's why them critics of mine keeps on hollerin' at me. Roarin' out loud. Ain't never leavin' mah house without mah salt-proof vest on.
Yo, I cant believe this chick really just acted crazy like that. And came upwit some false bogus shit....	I can't believe this girl acted crazy like she did. And came upwith some false rumors	I can't believe that gal acted all nutty the way she did. And come up with some made-up rumors, too.
i dont know much about the career paths to get to the top in Law, but if its been your dream, stickwit it and Go Hard.	I don't know much about the career paths to get to the top in the law, but if it's been your dream, stickwith it and go after it har	I don't know too much 'bout the ways to climb to the top in the law, but if it's been your heart's desire, just hang in there and reach for it, honey.
i cant tell u much right now homie bc Kobe & KD playin, but u gotta be encouraged and determined.Great success doesnt come easy.	I can't tell you much right now, homie, because Kobe and KD are playing, but you have to be encouraged and determined.Great success doesn't come easy	I ain't got much to share with ya, buddy, 'cause Kobe and KD is playin', but don't you go losin' hope. Great success don't just fall into your lap.
Que: where yo frat card? it's on layaway I didn't payall my pledge fees yet	Question:  where is your fraternity card?  It is on layaway I did not payall my pledge fees ye	Question: Where at is your fraternity card? Well, it's on hold over at the store. Ain't paid all my pledge fees yet.
stroll??? Ain't that the shit they use to write on back in the day??Naw I don't do that	Walk?  Isn't that what they used to say years ago?No, I don't do that	Walk? Ain't that what they used to say way back when?Naw, I don't go and do that.
Yall gotta stop dividing yall pics into 2s and 3s. Ion wanna see thesame pic that many times	You need to stop dividing your pictures into two's and three's.  I do not want to see thesame picture that many time	You gotta quit splitting up your pics in twos and threes. I don't wanna see the same pic poppin' up multiple times.
I'm a AKA see☝! I be like smh could have sworn they signwas a pinky but awok	I'm an Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority member! I'm like, shaking my head, I could have sworn their signwas a pinky, but there's another way of knowing	I'm a member of the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority! I'm thinkin', shakin' my head, I thought for sure their symbol was a pinky, but seems like there's more than one way to know.
What's happened to The Game coming on in Jan, no nonewants to wait til March	What happened to \"The Game\", which was supposed to come on in January, no onewants to wait until March	What happened to "The Game," they said it was gon' be on in January, but now everybody don't wanna wait till March.
I will NEVER leave my phone in the hands of Shonaka and Tae again.They take a million pics	I will never leave my phone with Shonaka or Tae again. They take a million pictures.	I'll never give Shonaka nor Tae my phone again. They take more pics than there are stars in the sky.
Tweeting and not texting back is the quickest way for me not to textyou back when you do	Tweeting and not texting back is the quickest way for me not to textyou back when you text me	Tweetin' instead of textin' ya back is the fastest way for me not to text ya back when you text me.
kicking it where tho. I'm confused and bish you have yetto tell me you here.	Where are you hanging out? I’m confused and you, bitch, have yetto tell me you are here.	Where y'all at hangin' out? I'm all mixed up and you, honey, ain't told me yet that you're here.
Don't allow your dreams to be shattered by a hater throwing rocks because they are afraidto chase their on dreams	Don't allow your dreams to be shattered by a hater throwing rocks because they are afraidto chase their own dreams.	Don't let nobody's hate ruin your dreams. That hater throwin' rocks 'cause they scared to go after their own dreams.
Think ima slide to the game tomorrow and I don't want NO ONE beggingme for no free food	I think I'm going to go to the game tomorrow and I don't want anyone beggingme for free food	I reckon I'm a-gonna go to that there game tomorrow, and I don't want nobody askin' me for some free grub.
Need to get my ends clipped but a bih not goneclip all my hair off	I need to get my ends clipped but no bitch is going toclip all of my hair off.	I got to have my split ends trimmed, but no woman is gonna chop all of my hair off.
Lmao girl I was too drunk to even remember tho. WasI extra faded or naw?	I'm laughing my ass off, girl. I was too drunk to even remember, though. WasI extra intoxicated or not	I'm laughin' mah butt off, gal. But I was so drunk, I can't hardly remember. Was I double drunk or what?
Tae got it so hot in here that my contacts damn near aboutto fall out my eyes	Tae has it so hot in here that my contacts are about readyto fall out of my eyes	Tae, it's so blasted hot in here that my contacts near about gon' slip right outta my peepers.
Out gettin my sis something to EAT before she head toWork!!" That's sweet Ju Ju	Out getting my sister something to eat before she heads towork! That's sweet, Ju Ju	Out I go gettin' my sis somethin' to eat 'fore she heads off to work! Ain't that sweet, Juju.
Oh and s/o to whatever damn sigma that was outside my window yelling and woke me up out of me sleep but its yo dayso be out my nigga	Oh, and shout-out to whichever damn Sigma that was outside my window yelling and woke me up out of my sleep, but it's your day   so go out, my black person	Well, hey there to the dang Sigma that was hollerin' outside my window and disturbed my sleep, but it's your special day, so go on and enjoy yourself, my Southern brother.
Boy you niggas be wiggin ova these hoes. Bustin' windows, goin to jail n shi..smh"sound like some female ish	You boys are going crazy over these girls. Breaking windows and going to jail? Shaking my head.It sounds like some womanly shit	Y'all are actin' the fool 'bout these gals. Smashin' windows an' windin' up in jail? Can't believe it. Sounds like some real girly business.
I hate the words they replace curse words with in BET movies lol theshit doesn't make sense lol	I hate the words they replace curse words with in BET movies. It makes me laugh. Thatshit doesn’t make sense.	I can't stand them words that BET movies use instead of curse words. It tickles me funny. Ain't nothin' about thatmake-no-sense stuff.
Baby you my everything... you all I ever wanted...we can do it real big...biggerthan you ever done it	Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted, we can do it real big, bigger than you've ever done i	Baby, you's my everythang, you's all Ah evah wanted. We can do it real big, bigger'n you's ever done before.
if I can sell my old iPad for 200 I'm a hollaat you about getting one	If I sell my old iPad for $200, I will contact you.I'll contact you about getting one	If I sell my old iPad for two hundred dollars, I'll give you a call 'bout that there business of yours.
When people learn that Idc about what they think about me...I swear theywill be much better off	When people learn that I don't care about what they think of me, I swear they will be much better of	When folks find out I don't give a hoot 'bout what they think 'bout me, I swear they gonna be a whole lot happier off.
Lol and act of self defense it will be and trust I will be the only one who will be able to tell myside of the story lol	Laughing out loud, it will be an act of self defense and trust me, I will be the only one who will be able to tell myside of the story, laughing out loud	Hee-haw, it'll be me protectin' myself, and lemme tell ya, nobody else gonna be able to tell my side a that story, hee-haw.
Y'all killing me tonight. But wait tae what about the next day when was deadaf with just straight niggas	You all are killing me tonight. But wait, tae, what about the next day when you were deadas fuck with just straight black people	Y'all's laughin' me to death tonight. But hang on a sec, Tae, what 'bout the next day when you was dead as a doornail with just straight-up black folks?
Ik im tired so im finna go to sleep bet not nobody call me cuzu will go to voicemail	I know I’m tired, so I’m trying to go to sleep. Nobody had better call me becauseyou will only get my voicemail.	I reckon I'm plum tuckered out, so I'm tryin' to head on to bed. Nobody go and call me 'cause you'll only be gettin' my voicemail.
Me too Tosha I think he has someone mixed up cause only person had a drink that nightin the club was tae	I agree with you Tosha. I think they are confused on who it was because there was only one person in the club that night who had a drink.The only person in the club with a drink that night was Tae	I reckon you's right, Tosha. I believe they're mixin' up who it was 'cause only one fella in the club that night had a drink. The only person in the club with a drink that night was Tae.
MY FINGER ARE INCHIN,ITCHIN,ITCHIN FOR DAT PAPER . I AM AROUND THE CITY WITH MY CALCULATOR.IN MY ( FUTURE) VOICE	My fingers are itching, itching, itching for that paper. I am going around the city with my calculatorin my (future) voice.	My fingers is just itchin', itchin', itchin' for that there paper. I be roamin' 'round this here city with my calculator in my pocket, speakin' all futuristic like.
tHIS BITCH REALLY WANT FAME OFFF MY MAIN NAME AINT NO MONEY IN THAT laughat your down ass REBLOCKED	His bitch really wants fame off my main name, not any money in that, laughat your down ass. Reblocked	His girlfriend's actin' all famous off my name, ain't no cash in it for her, just laughin' at ya, low-down self. Blocked.
"huh" quote of the day/thought "the core of our ethics are theprinciples that define us" -wemac04	Weird quote/thought of the day: \"The core of our ethics are theprinciples that define us.\" -wemac0	Weird thought for the day: "The essence of our moral compass comes from the traits that make us who we are deep down inside." -wemac0
Dear females, if you try to fight a male don't be surprised if you get punched, because even though it'snot right, it can happen.	Dear females, if you try to fight a male don't be surprised if you get punched, because even though it'snot right, it can happen	Hey ladies, if y'all try to throw down with a man, don't be shocked if you get clocked, 'cause unfortunately, it can happen.
"when my daddy went to jail aint none of his boys came around or helped me out when i was down soits fuck them niggas now"	When my daddy went to jail, none of his friends came around or helped me out when I was struggling. Soit's fuck those guys now	When my daddy got put in jail, none of his buddies hung around or lent a hand when I was goin' through tough times. So it's fuck them now.
hiphop is in my blood just finished watch one of your old video make it funkyfor you still fills fresh	I really like hiphop music.  It's the music I enjoy most.  I just finished watching one of your old videos.  It was different than what you usually dobut it still feels current	I reallly do love me some hip hop musik. It's the kind of music I take a likin' to the most. I jus' finished watchin' one of y'all's old videos. It was different than what y'all usually do but it still feels current.
Its either you fuck with me or you dont, & if I feel as though you dont I'm not gonnawaste my time or breath"	Either you fuck with me or you don't. If I feel as though you don't I'm not going towaste my time or breath	Either you messin' with me or you ain't. If I get the feelin' that you ain't, then I ain't gonna waste my time nor my breath on ya.
do u need a workout schedule or u working all week." I'm off tues and Friday! I forgot whtdays I get off early	Do you need a workout schedule or are you working all week? I'm off Tuesday and Friday! I forgot whatdays I get off early	Y'all need a workout plan or y'all workin' every day of the week? I got off on Tuesdays and Fridays, but I can't remember what days I get off early.
Amén, olvídate que si tienen FE en el Rey de Reyes van a ser sanos y recompenzados en esta vidao en la otra :)	Amen! Don't worry about that. If you believe in God He will answer your prayers and reward you.There is no other way.	Amen! Y'all don't you worry 'bout that. If y'all got faith in God, He'll answer y'all's prayers and reward y'all. There ain't no other way.
Sleepy doc in da a.m. work in da p.m. hair todo huh busy day tomorrow	Sleepy doc in the a.m., work in the p.m. Hair todo. Huh, busy day tomorrow	That there doctor's real sleepy in the mornin', but he gets to workin' in the evenings. Gotta do somethin' about this here hair. Huh, looks like I got a busy day comin' up tomorrow.
Happy Founders Day to the Brothers of Blue Phi or as Icall them my "siggies" !!!!!	Happy Founders Day to the brothers of Blue Phi or as Icall them, my \"siggies!\	Happy Founders Day to the brothas of Blue Phi, or as I calls 'em, my "siggies"!
Love???? Mfs cant ever say it right now a days sohow can they feel it	What is love? Most people have trouble telling others that they love them by just saying the words, I Love You.so if they can't say the words I love you, how does anyone know that they really feel it	What's this love thing all about? A lotta folks find it hard to tell others they love 'em just by sayin' "I love you." So if they can't bring themselves to say those three little words, then how in the world are we supposed to know that they really mean it?
But wen i was in julian senior yr mf was goin nuts over aNipple im tambout goin nuts	But when I was in Julian senior year, motherfucker was going nuts over anipple, I'm talking about going nuts	But while I was in Julian durin' my senior year, that sumboddy was actin' a fool 'bout a tit. I mean, he was really losin' it.
Mane the spot was super turned up my nigga Row brung em out jank everywhere ifu missed it oh well	Man, that place was super active. My friend Row brought them out. Shit was everywhere. Ifyou missed it, oh well	Man, that place was real hoppin'. My buddy Row showed up with some of 'em. Stuff was flyin' everywhich way. If you weren't there, well, too bad.
Im so n love wit this man.... I love his smile his swag his dreadsI'm ur I LOVE YOU	I’m so in love with this man. I love his smile, his swag, and his dreads. I’m yours. I love you.	I'm plum in love with this here man. I do love him smilin', his style, and them dreads of his. I'm yers. I loves ya.
I don't really trust humans that much these days Hmm shit, fact of the matter is, i trust dogsmore than i trust humans	I don't really trust humans that much these days. Hmm. Shit. The fact of the matter is, I trust dogsmore than I trust humans	I don't reckon I can trust humans all that much these days. Damn. Fact is, I trust dogs more than I trust humans.
I think she tryna make me mad , everytime I see her she say where my BESTFRIEND ett ; I dont knoo& cudd care less .	I think she is trying to make me mad. Every time I see her, she says, \"Where is my best friend?\" I don't knowand I couldn't care less	I reckon she's tryin' to get me riled up. Every time I run into her, she goes on about, "Where's my best buddy?" I don't know and frankly, I don't give a hoot.
aint really got shit to do i was only sliding if this nigga docwas going to this meeting	I don't really have much going on, I was only going to go if this dude's doctorwas going to this meeting	Ain't got much happenin' 'round here, was just planning on goin' if this here fella's doctor was gonna be at that meetin'.
i have a date tonite....its with my bed,pillow and the t.v., that still counts right!!!	I have a date tonight. It's with my bed, pillow, and the T. V. That still counts, right	I got me a date tonight. It's with my bed, my pillows, and the T.V. That's still a date, ain't it?
g the big ten the best conference so u cant be mad at these niggas for losing but theywait til the end smh	Man, the Big Ten is the best conference so you can't be mad at these fools for losing, but theywait until the end. Shaking my head	Man, them Big Ten teams is the best conference around, so you can't be hollerin' at these yokels for losin', but they do it right at the end. Me, I'm just shakin' my head.
Happy Centennial to all the Deltas I know..s/o to the Deltason my yard ZQ..enjoy it	Happy Centennial to all the Deltas I know. Shout out to the Deltason my yard, ZQ. Enjoy it	Happy one hundred years to all them Delta ladies I knows. Gonna holler out to them Delta brothers in my yard, ZQ. Y'all enjoy it.
Let my people out them chains nigga i mean handcuffs time to man up put my hands up fuck u saying bruh cause im ablack man in a phantom	Let my people out of their chains, man. I mean handcuffs. Time to man up and put my hands up. What the fuck are you saying - because I'm a black man, I'm a phantom	Set my folks free from them bonds, man. I'm talkin' 'bout handcuffs here. It's time for us men to stand tall and put our hands in the air. What in the world you sayin' - just because I'm a black man, doesn't make me a ghost [or phantom].
Were is the gurl black China tell ha I'm looking for her n my future voiceCTFU ! She Wants TETE	Where is the girl Black China? Tell her I'm looking for her and my future voice,cracking the fuck up! She wants head	Where's that gal named Black China at? Tell her I'm on the hunt for her and my future self, cracking up and laughin' our asses off! She's hankerin' for some head.
can't express what I feel for you! Glad I'm bringing this Year inwith you! Love you *Superman*!!!	I can't express what I feel for you! I'm glad I'm bringing this year inwith you! Love you, Superma	I just can't put into words how I feel 'bout you! Ain't nothin' better than ringin' in the New Year with you! Love ya, Superma.
CTFU , she a scary ass bitch ! That dick make her haverespect ! Heyyyy Naa !	I'm cracking the fuck up. She is a scary-ass bitch! That dick made her have respect! Hey	I'm laughin' my head off. She's a right scarecrow! That there fella made her show some manners! Hey [Name]
Anthony ole Grizzly Bear Looking Ass Just Got Threw Hibernating Now Finna Eat The HseUp , Fucking Pig !	Anthony old grizzly bear-looking ass just got through hibernating, now fixing to eat the houseup, fucking pig	Anthony, lookin' like an old grizzly bear, jus' come outta hibernation. Now he fixin' to eat the house up, actin' like a goddamn pig.
I need to find out where some more places are that's hiring...being at home not doingnothing isn't for me!!! =)	I need to find out what places are hiring. Being at home, doing nothing isn't for me	I got to figure out where them places is hirin'. Sittin' at home doin' nothin', that ain't for me.
Now all I really need when this goes off is some food, soda, a good movie, and my man on myphone screen via Tango!!! =D	Now all I really need when this goes off is some food, soda, a good movie, and my man on myphone screen via Tango	Now all I really need when this goes off is some grub, Coke, a real good movie, and my boy on my phone screen through Tango.
Some people call Justin bieber a fag but I think he's not there jealous cause his voicebut he's not them haters	Some people call Justin Bieber a homosexual, but I don't think he is. They're jealous because of his voicebut he's not, haters	Some folks be callin' Justin Bieber a homo-sex-shull, but I don't reckon he is. They're just jelly 'bout his voice, but he ain't, them haters.
Ain't forgot about my dawg just been sick as fuck and youknow how niggas be bullshittin	I haven't forgotten about you. I have just been sick as fuck and youknow how people are	I ain't forgot 'bout ya none. I've jus' been plumb sick an' you know how folks can be.
My Bestfraand Lost his granny today,he couldn't figure why she wuld want him 2 stay with her these last fewdays..He just cried right her	My best friend lost his grandmother, he could not figure out why should would want him to stay with her these last fewdays, he just cried right there	My best buddy lost his granny. He couldn't understand why she kept askin' him to stick around her the last few days. He just broke down and cried right then and there.
"If you dontdesign yourown life planchances are youllfall into someone elsesplan.And guess what they haveplanned for you?Not much.―Jim Rohn	\"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you will fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.\"  Jim Rohn quote.	"If y'all don't go makin' y'all's own life plans, there's a good chance y'all will end up in somebody else's plan. And let me tell ya, that ain't got nothin' special planned for you."
Feel like shit, but talking to my babe, made my daymuch better I love him...	I feel like shit, but talking to my boyfriend, it made my daymuch better. I love him	I feels real low, like I could crawl under a rock and hide. But talkin' to my boyfriend, he made my day an' near-about put a smile back on my face. I sure do love him.
No cause We gone cut yo fingers off and fry Em.FYM so be prepared HOMES	No, because we are going to cut your finger off and fry them.Fuck you motherfucker - so be prepared, Homes	Nah, 'cause we're fixin' to chop your finger off and deep-fry 'em. Fuck you, mothafucka - so get ready, Homie.
watching the rose bowl, I like ball & phillips. That qb caight my eye vs OSU. Played a good game. Ilike both as pats. IMO	Watching the Rose Bowl, I like Ball and Phillips. That quarterback caught my eye versus OSU. Played a good game. Ilike both as Patriots, in my opinion	While watchin' the Rose Bowl, I take a likin' to Ball and Phillips. That there quarterback done caught my eye agin OSU. He played a real good game. I like both of 'em wearin' the Patriots jerseys, in my humble opinion.
LMAO at the gt. I've seen them all. Dragon ball was drama, dbz was science fiction, & dbgt was a bunch offree time on their hands.	Laughing my ass off at Dragon Ball Grand Tour. I've seen them all. Dragon Ball was drama, Dragon Ball Z was science fiction, and Dragon Ball Grand Tour was the characters with a bunch offree time on their hands	I'm laughin' my britches off watchin' Dragon Ball Grand Tour. I've seen 'em all. Dragon Ball was full of drama, Dragon Ball Z was all about science fiction, and Dragon Ball Grand Tour was just the characters with a whole lotta free time on their hands.
If you gotta argue nd fight over yo nigga he was neveryours to begin with!! -__-	If you have to argue and fight over your man, he was neveryours to begin with	If you had to squabble and scuffle over your man, then he wasn't truly yours from the start.
do u want ne to come or not.. Dm yo numI dont got my phone.	Do you want me to come or not? Direct message me your number.I don't have my phone	Y'all decide if you want me to come or not. Shoot me a DM with your number. Ain't got mah phone on me right now.
ray is one of the greatest players, defenders ever! Even today, he can still play with the best ofthem if he wanted to.	Ray is of the greatest players, one of the best defenders of all time! Even today, he is able to play with the best ofthe other players if so wished to do so	Ray's one helluva player, known as one of the finest defenders in history! He still got it and can keep up with the other top players if he wanted to.
. Lookin Ad Baby Sleepin Like Ah Baby Body So Amazin Drive Mhe Krazy Um Bout Ta Wake Uu Uhp Gurl IIWanna Sex Uu Uhp ...!	I'm looking at my baby sleeping, thinking \"Oh baby, your body is so amazing. It drives me crazy. I'm about to wake you up, girl. Iwant to have sex with you!\	I'm sittin' here lookin' at my little one sleepin', thinkin' «Aww baby, your body is just somethin'. It drives me plum crazy. I'm fixin' to wake you up, darlin'. I wanna make love to you!»
only team that won their wild card game on the road?! You've already provedyour point! GET THAT W!	Only team that won their wild card game on the road?! You've already provedyour point! Get that win	Ain't no team that won their wild card game on the enemy's turf? You've made your mark, already! Secure that victory.
. Dnt Even Trip Mfs On Twitter Sneak Dissin &&'d Dese Hoes Stay Taken Mhe As A Joke Like BytchIi Kill Uu Goofy .	Don't even overreact, motherfuckers on Twitter insult sneakily and these whores act likes it's a joke. Bitch,I'll kill you, goofy	Y'all better not be overreactin', folks on Twitter be insulin' sneaky and them broads act like it's all a damn joke. But bitch, if I want to, I'll put an end to ya, you goofball.
I call it the charlie batch disease lol. Didn't he have red flags in the draft? He's ok now, butif it keeps happening, idk.	I call it the Charlie Batch disease. I’m laughing. Didn’t he have red flags in the draft? He's ok now, butif it keeps happening, I don’t know.	I calls it the Charlie Batch sickness. I's laughin'. Ain't he had them red flags durin' the draft? He's alright now, but if it keeps happenin', I don't rightly know.
moss a good idea, but I wouldn't tell you to get reed. I think the defense isfine, they've found the formula.	Randy Moss a good idea, but I wouldn't tell you to get Reed. I think the defense isfine. They've found the formula	Randy Moss might be a good idear, but I ain't gonna tell ya to go get Reed. I believe the defense is fine. They've figured out the formula.
. If He/She Is Who Makes Uu Happy Stay Happy Make Guhd Memory's Cuz Ones He Or Uu Fuk Uhp Uu Gne Wish Uu Had HerOr Him Bak . .!	If he/she is who makes you happy, stay happy. Make good memories because once he or you fucks up, you're going to wish you had heror him back	If he or she's the one brings joy to you, keep on bein' happy. Make some fine memories cause once he or you messes up, you'll be regrettin' and missin' that person.
I think chris bosh need to have the most shot attempts every night. Lebron should get 5assists to him everygame. Fair?	I think Chris Bosh needs to have the most shot attempts every night. Lebron should get five assists to him every game. Is that fair?	I reckon Chris Bosh oughta take the most shots every single night. Lebron oughta dish out five assists his way each game. That right, fair and square?
Swaggang Hitman I Think Im A.Goff ridein wit Two Bitches And My BluntsGone Make You cough (:	Swaggering hit man, I think I'm A.Goff riding with two bitches and my bluntsare going to make you cough	Sassy killin' man, I reckon I'm A.Goff ridin' with two honeys and my blunts are gonna make you choke.
Good Morning!!! Sending a Special Thanks to everyone who was in attendance last nightfor the first show recording	Good Morning! I am sending a special thanks to everyone who was in attendance last nightfor the first show recording	Good mornin' y'all! I'm sendin' a real heartfelt thank you to all them fine folks who showed up last night for the very first show recordin'.
Get Cha Mind Right Open Mic !! 9pm TONIGHT Purple Cafe 3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL we are feat D5 Hosted by Huggy Bear	Get your mind right. Open mic night tonight, 9pm at the Purple Cafe (3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL). We are featuring D5. The event is hosted by Huggy Bear.The event is hosted by Huggy Bea	You better get your thoughts straight. Open mic night comin' up tonight, 9pm at the Purple Cafe (3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL). We got D5 performin'. The whole shindig is bein' hosted by Huggy Bear.
Open Mic TONIGHT!! Purple Cafe 3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL Feat Huggy Bear Da Poet!! Guest Host2 Loose $7 Holla.9pm Sharp!	Open Mic TONIGHT! Purple Cafe, 3964 Government Blvd, Mobile, AL, featuring Huggy Bear the Poet! Guest HostToo Loose, $7 admission. 9pm sharp	Open Mic TONIGHT! at The Purple Cafe, 3964 Government Blvd, Mobile, AL. Featurin' Huggy Bear the Poet! Your friendly neighborhood Guest Host, Too Loose, invites you for $7 admission. 9pm sharp, y'all!
Get Cha Mind Right Open Mic. Tonight at The Purple Cafe 9pm. Feat Mz CarriMail. ItsErotic Night! Brimg extra Panties!!	Get your mind right. Open mic is tonight at The Purple Cafe at 9pm featuring Mz CarriMail. It’sErotic Night! Bring extra panties!	Y'all better get your heads straight. There's an open mic night comin' up at The Purple Cafe, it's tonight at 9pm. They got Mz CarriMail performin', and this here's a Erotic Night! So y'all better bring some extra panties!
Just waking up. .and it's almost time to get ready for work. .smh..thinkin of calling out lol	I'm just waking up and it's almost time to get ready for work. I'm shaking my head.I'm thinking of calling out of work - how funny	I'm jus' startin' to come to, and it won't be long 'fore I gotta git myself ready for work. I'm jest shakin' mah head. I'm thinkin' 'bout callin' in sick to work - ain't that a hoot?
Abby while watching Walk the Line (again) "Did Elvis, Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis all tour together? Why wasn’t I alivethen?" My daughter is cool	Abby while watching \"Walk the Line\" (again): \"Did Elvis, Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis all tour together? Why wasn’t I alive   then?\" My daughter is cool	Abby, settin' and watchin' "Walk the Line" (once more): "Did Elvis, Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis all go on tour together? Why wasn’t I born back then?!" My little girl's alright.
Love is not finding a hand that perfectly fits yours. It's finding the one who is willing to hold your hands no matterhow unfit it may be.	Love is not finding a hand that perfectly fits yours. It's finding the one who is willing to hold your hands no matterhow unfit it may be	Love ain't about findin' a hand that fits yers like a glove. It's 'bout findin' that person who's willin' to take your hand, even if it don't fit none too perfect.
"How I need you How I need you Oh Jesus, walk with me." My prayerfor today and this year.	\"How I need you, how I need you. Oh, Jesus, walk with me.\" This is my  prayerfor today and for this year	"I reckon I need ya, I reckon I need ya. Lawd Jesus, stick by me." That's my prayer for today and this year.
"As a father, you are not first a disciplinarian. You are a discipler. Mom, your main role is not to makemeals, but to make disciples."	\"As a father, you are not first a disciplinarian. You are a discipler. Mom, your main role is not to makemeals, but to make disciples.\	"As a daddy, you ain't first a taskmaster. You is a disciple-maker. Momma, your main job ain't just to fix me meals, but to make disciples."
Yhu One Bitch Made Nigga Pussy Ass Nigga Fuck Around And Get Layed Down ThatsHow We Play It Nigga!	You're one bitch-made black person, pussy ass black person. Fuck around and get knocked down. That'show we play it, black person	Y'all one mama's boy/girl, yellow-belly black person. Mess around and end up on the ground. That's how we roll, black folk.
My best friend mad at me bc I told her the truth about this bum ass nigga bitch its my place to tell you to throw hisass to the waste side!	My best friend is mad at me becaue I told her the truth about this bum ass nigger bitch its my place to tell you to throw his ass to the waste side	My BFF's mad at me 'cause I told her the truth 'bout that no-good, worthless, nigger bitch. It's my place to tell you to chuck his ass in the trash heap.
Up at work tired need to go home but if i didnt love my job i swear iwould of called in lol	I'm tired at work and I need to go home; if I didn't love my job Iwould have called in sick	I'm plum tuckered out at this here job and I reckon I gotta head on home; if I didn't cherish mah job, I would've called in sick.
See you the type of bitch ah nigga dont wife yhu come with two manyproblems and it aint right!	See, you're the type of bitch a black person doesn't marry. You come with too manyproblems and it's not right	See, you're the kind of woman a black folk don't hitched up with. You got too many problems and it ain't right.
I think I'm the only one coming back on Monday like a re-re.I should change that. Lol.	I think I'm the only one coming back on Monday like a retard.I should change that. I'm laughing out loud	I reckon I'm the lone one comin' back on Monday actin' like a damn fool. I better alter that. I's laughin' my head off.
I would enjoy seeing come back to WWE an piss in the face of ppl who dnt like tobe cool...spitting is gross Ha	I would enjoy seeing him come back to the WWE to piss in the face of people who don't like tobe cool.  Spitting is gross	I'd sure like to see him return to the WWE and splash in the face of them folks who ain't got no cool. Spittin' is mighty nasty.
bahhaaa! Il admit it I am.But I guarantee u his ass twice as bad ofF As I am.IKNW YUR NOT TLKN U BIGCRY BABY THTS PAS WHIPD	Hahaha! I will admit it, I am. But I am able to guarantee you he is twice as worse off as I am. I can ascertain that you are not posturing right now you bigcry baby, that is beyond a normal level of whipped	Heehee! I'll tell ya, I am it. But I can assure y'all he's fixin' to be twice as bad off as I am. I can promise you, you ain't bluffing now, big cry baby, that's way beyond the normal level of whipped.
You Like Me YOU LIKE ME You Hate Me YOU HATE ME <> But Just Know im Going ToAlways Be Me Regardless. >>>>>	You like me. You like me. You hate me. You hate me. But just know I’m going to always be me regardless.	Y'all do like me. Y'all do like me. Y'all might hate me. Y'all might hate me. But just remember, I'm always gonna be me, no matter what.
family is going to be with you Forever. Im going to hold my own self down i think i know whati did wrong hear .	Family is going to be with you forever. I'm going to hold myself down, I think I know whatI did wrong here	Y'all family is gonna be stickin' with ya forever. I reckon I'ma keep myself in check, think I done went an' made a mess up 'ere.
Who cares how you haters feel!!! Still got my money!!!!! Oooooo all I see is$ signs, money on mind!!	Who cares how you haters feel? I still have my money! Oh, all I see isdollar signs, money in mind	Who cares how y'all haters feel? I still got mah money! Ain't nothin' but dollar signs, money on the mind.
This weekend I gotta get my hair n eyebrows done! I been too booed up n lazy lbs!!!Time to get it together!	This weekend I need to get my hair and eyebrows done! I've been too drunk and lazy.Time to get it together	This here weekend, I gots to git mah hair an eyebows did! I've been too drunk an lazy 'bout it. Time for me to shape up an get mah act together.
So when a man want u with him all day everyday says a lot...Time iswhat I love!" It is	When a man wants you by his side day in and day out, it says a lot. Spending time ismy favorite part	When a fella wants you settin' next to 'im, sunup to sundown, that speaks volumes. Passin' time is my preferred pastime.
You the 1 I dream about all day, you the 1that I think about always!!!	You’re the one that I dream about all day. You’re the one that I always think about!	Y'all the one what I dream 'bout ever'body day. Y'all the one what I always got on my mind!
Niggas are hilarious.. They scream "i like bad bitches" and kids mothers look like a pennywit a whole in it.."ha!!!	People are hilarious. They scream, \"I like bad bitches\" and their mothers look like a pennywith a hole in it. I'm laughing	Folks is sure funny. They holler, "I likes me some bad gals" and their mamas looks like a penny with a hole right through it. I's just laughin'.
sike I just heard a nigga say that I dont lie to any1"he's 1 of a kind	Just joking! I just heard that guy say that I don't lie to anyone.He's one of a kind	Well, I was just kiddin'! I jest heard that fella say that I never tell no lies to nobody. He's a real character, that one.
I Would Let AnyOne I Messed With Go For Her! She Assumed Me Of A lot OfShit That I Wasn't Doing	I would let anyone I dated confront her! She accused me of a lotof things I wasn't doin	I'd allow any gal I was seein' to have a go at her! She claimed I did a heap of things I weren't doin'.
So, are we just ignoring the sorry looking fish dish? This has given twitter(and me) so much joy.	I guess we are just going to ignore that unattractive woman?  This interaction on twitterhas been very entertaining.	I reckon we're jus' gonna turn a blind eye to that less-than-attractive gal, huh? This here twitter exchange has been real funny, y'all.
We do not believe that in this country, freedom is reserved for the lucky, orhappiness for the few." Amen	We do not believe that in this country freedom is reserved for the lucky orhappiness for the few. Ame	We don't think freedom in this here country's just for the fortunate or happiness only for the select few. America, y'all!
It's crazy how I really like my ex boyfriend so much butI can't tell him smh	It’s crazy how much I like my ex-boyfriend, butI can’t tell him. I hate it so much.	It's dang foolish how much I still love my ex-boyfriend, but I can't tell him. I can't stand it none.
UGh ITS bEeN a LoNg tImE Coming babE hE jUst caLl seeHow I bEen doin :-)	Ugh. It's been a long time coming, babe. He just called to seehow I have been	Ugh. It's been a real long time, sugar. He just give me a call to ask how I've been farin'.
A Bunch Of People Jumping On Notre Dame Band Wagon Tonight Cause They Either Tired Of Bama Winning The BCSChampionship Or They Auburn Fans.	A bunch of people are jumping on the Notre Dame band wagon tonight because they're either tired of Alabama winning the BCS Championship or they are Auburn fans	A whole mess of folks is climbin' on the Notre Dame bandwagon tonight. They're either tired of Alabama winnin' the BCS Championship or they's Auburn fans.
Y should i get suspended i didn't thro a puNch nothing just askher to cum out Side	You should know I got suspended. I did not throw a punch, however. I just askedher to come outside.	You better know what I'm tellin' you - I got suspended. But lemme make this clear, I didn't throw no punches. All I did was ask her to step outside.
The eye is the window of the soul if the eye is dark great is the darkness dispell the darknesslet the light shine in	The eye is the window of the soul. If the eye is dark, great is the darkness. Dispel the darkness.Let the light shine in	The eye is like a door to the heart. If a person's eye is dark, then their heart holds a great deal of darkness. Dispell that darkness. Let the light shine in and brighten up their heart.
I swear man if iy anit one thing its another dis shit is trulygettin' on my fuckin nervs	I swear, man, if it isn't one thing it's another. This shit is trulygetting on my fucking nerves	I swear 'n' stuff, if it ain't one problem, it's another. This here bullshit is really gettin' under my skin and ticklin' my fuckin' nerves.
Sometimes , i wish i could read your mind to find outhow you feel about me	Sometimes I wish I could read your mind to find outhow you feel about me	Sometimes I hanker down to be able to read your mind, just so I can figure out how you feel 'bout me.
:) měla jsem na mysli extraligu, tam snad plexi je :) Jinak díra u ledu je super, ale viděla jsem ji vNHL snad jen na jednou.	There is a hole in the glass at the hockey stadium.The NHL will need to replace it soon	At the hockey arena, there's a hole in the glass the NHL better fix it quick.
I wish someone will be kind to take me to themovies to see mama :)	I wish someone will be kind to take me to themovies to see \"Mama.\	I sure do wish somebody would be nice enough to take me out to themovies and let me see that "Mama" movie of 'em.
Hoes be acting like they not a hoe I be like wtfhoe !!!!!!! Smh . !!	Whores are acting like they're not whores. I'm like, what the fuck,whore! Shaking my head	Whores is actin' all innocent-like, but I knows better. I'm thinkin', "What in tarnation, whore? Shakin' me head here.
Ig Everybody Thought It Would Be Ok To Go Out andLeave Me Here / :	I guess everybody thought that it would be alright to go out andleave me here	I reckon everbody figured it was all right for 'em to go on out and leave me here.
Me an dazy gone have matching bathing suits but mine gone be pink orblack or pink an gray	Me and Dazy are going to have matching bathing suits but mine is going to be pinkor black, or pink and gray	Me and Dazy's gonna have them matchin' swimsuits, but mine's gonna be pink or black, or maybe even pink and gray.
Watching the 1st Power Ranger movie w/ my babies.... I love watching movies that I used to watch whenI was little w/ them	Watching the first Power Rangers movie with my babies. I love watching movies that I used to watch when   I was little with them	Sittin' here watchin' the first Power Rangers movie with my little ones. It brings back memories watchin' those same movies when I was just a kid, and now gettin' to share that experience with my own babies.
haha I don't watch it at work I'm talking bout at home... I'm not a paramedic but Ido work at the hospital	Ha ha, I don't watch it at work. I'm talking about at home. I'm not a paramedic but I   do work at the hospital	Ha ha, I ain't watchin' it at my job. I mean at home. I may not be a paramedic but I do work at the hospital.
I don't think ima go out this weekend... I'm just gonnastay in & do homework	I do not think I am going to go out this weekend. I am just going tostay in and do some homework	I don't reckon I'm gonna step out this here weekend. I'm jus' gonna stay in and do me some studyin'.
you sooo right kiddo so make sure you treat your girl right bc good girlsare hard to come by!	You are so right, kid. Make sure you treat your girl right because good girlsare hard to come by	You're dead on, son. Be sure to take good care of your woman, 'cause good women is mighty rare.
Seen Vicki tonight! I love her & Tyrina! & Toya &Jasmine & Krystal crazy asses!!	I'm seeing Vicki tonight! I love her and Tyrina and Toya andJasmine and Krystal! They are all crazy	I'm seein' Vicki tonight! I do love her and Tyrina and Toya and Jasmine and Krystal! They's all a little nuts.
you know what... I'm being nice today soo instead of insulting you ima justgone say "Good Day Sir"	You know what? I'm being nice today, so instead of insulting you I'm justgoing to say, \"good day sir.\	You know what? I'm feelin' mighty kind today, so instead of hurlin' insults at ya, I'm just gonna say, "Good day, sir."
Please keep my mommy in your prayers tonight as she gofor surgery in the am!!	Please keep my mother within your prayers as she goes underfor surgery in the morning	Please remember to pray for my mama. She's goin' in for surgery real early in the mornin'.
If I could explain the misery I would right a song, oh wait Iforgot I suck at music.	If I could explain the misery, I would write a song, wait Iforgot that I suck at music	If I could tell 'bout the misery, I'd write me a song, but I forgot, I ain't got no knack for that music stuff.
You wouldnt put your money on the other guy if youknew what I already know.	You wouldn't bet on the other guy if youknew what I already know	If you knew what I know now, you wouldn't put your money on that other fellow.
If you had to choose between your girlfriend and winning the lottery? What kind of car would you buyfirst? A green sun fire.	If you had to choose between keeping your girlfriend or winning the lottery, what kind of car would you buyfirst?  Would it be a green sun fire	If you had to make a choice 'tween keepin' yer girlfriend or winnin' the lottery, what kind of car would you buy first? Now, would that car be a green sunfire?
Im still trying to understand Rihanna and Karruache role with Chris... To me both just play their roles an allare happy in the end	I'm still trying to understand Rihanna and Karruache's role with Chris... To me, both just play their roles and allare happy in the end	I'm still workin' on figurin' out Rihanna and Karruache's part in Chris's business, if you will. To me, they're just doin' their jobs and everybody's happy as a clam at high tide in the end.
My hair is on the best flow right now excuse me if I swoosh myswoop all uppidy and ish	My hair is in great shape right now. Excuse me if I go about mybusiness like I feel good	My hair's lookin' real good these days. Pardon me if I act like I'm feelin' fine and go on about my affairs.
Its so awkward when ppl say "im going natural now " but i know my hair wont go straight like yours". Me: yes itcan! Them: it wont Me:oh	It's quite awkward when people say \"I'm going natural now\", however I am aware my hair will not be straight like yours\". Me: Yes, itis possible! Them: It will not. Me: Oh	It's mighty awkward when folks say "I'm goin' au naturel now", but I reckon my hair ain't gonna be as straight as yours. Me: Yessiree, it could be! Them: It won't. Me: Well darn it.
lls keep the timeline up in the left corner press menu then scroll andyou will see log out	Keep the timeline up in the left corner, press menu, then scroll andyou will see log out	Keep that timeline up in the top left, hit the menu button, then scroll and you'll find log out.
miss u too!!!!!! Soon very soon i can seeee you!!!! And no babysitting ( you know whati mean )its ya bday	Miss you too, Soon, very soon I can see you! And no babysitting ( you know whatI mean) it's your birthda	Miss ya too, Soon, real soon now I gon' see ya! Ain't no babysittin' (you know what I mean) it's yore birthday.
I LOVE HUCK ! But everytime you seem to like someone on the show they end up doingsomething that blow you lol	I love Huck! But every time you seem to like someone on the show, they end up doingsomething that blows you, laugh-out-loud	I really love me some Huck! But every time it seems like you're takin' a likin' to somebody on the show, they go and do somethin' that just cracks you up, makes you laugh out loud.
like i Love Olivia but hate her role as being a mistress, Cyrus is one of my Favs too but he irks me tooat the same time! Lol	I love Olivia but hate her role as being a mistress. Cyrus is one of my favorites, too, but he irks me tooat the same time! That’s funny!	I do love me some Olivia, but I can't stand her actin' all sultry and bein' someone's mistress. Now Cyrus, I do adore him, but he gets on my nerves something fierce at the exact same time! That's a hoot!
Something have to give !! All i keep smelling while walking from lunch is pure piss and cigarettes.. Sodisgusted with outside right now	Something has to give. All I smell when I walk away from lunch is piss and cigarettes. I’m so disgusted with outside right now.	Somethin' just gotta break. All I can sniff when I stroll off from lunch is pee and cigarettes. I's so put off by the outdoors right now.
All of you would most definately enjoy it players our age and up ! You can create your ownteam or join another team.	You would all certainly enjoy it if you are a player our age and up. You are able to create your ownteam or you can join an already existing team	Y'all would surely get a holler out of it, specially if y'all is a player our age and above. Y'all got the ability to make y'own team or y'all can join a team that's already existin'.
Its absolutely Gorgeous!!! Today ! feeling like spring has arrived early ... But of course thisweather it'll ice cold soon	It is absolutely gorgeous today. I’m feeling like spring has arrived early, but of course this weather will be ice cold soon.	It's plumb purty out today. Feels to me like spring come early, but a'course this good weather won't last. Soon as get some frost on the ground again.
Lord Knows Wat I Would Do To Have You Laying Next To Me&& Our Son Right Now.!	Only the Lord knows what I would do to have you laying next to meand our son right now	Only the good Lord knows what I'd give to have you by my side and our little boy here with us right now.
Yeah I agree with that but for the winter I can deal, at lease its not snow andsame here business as usual	Yes, I agree with that, but for the winter I can deal with it, at least it's not snow.Same here, business as usual	Yessiree, I reckon that's right on the money, but durin' the winter months, I can manage it, at least it ain't no snow. Same goes for me, carryin' on as normal.
Umm its snowing and its really sticking hope I get home beforeit gets dark and slippery	It's snowing and sticking, I hope I get home beforeit gets too dark and slippery	It's snowin' and stickin', I hopes I git home befores it gits too dark and slick.
Cat's eye might be the only bar downtown that has live musicevery night. Prove me wrong.	CAt's eyes might be the only bar downtownevery night. PRove me wron	Cat's peepers might be the only waterin' hole downtown every night. Ain't that wrong of me?
.on jesus im ready for WATEVAH im tried of dhese no training having asz niggah dats living paycheck to pay check .!	Oh, Jesus. I’m ready for whatever. I’m tired of these negros having no training that are living paycheck to paycheck!	Lawd, Jesus. I'm all set for whatever comes next. I'm just plum tuckered out from these here negroes not havin' no proper trainin', livin' check to check!
hmmm ya think? Can a chick be 2 busy and single not2 let it other them???	Hmmm. Do you think so? Can a woman be too busy and single notto let it bother them	Hmmm. You think so? A gal can be real busy and still single, not lettin' it get to 'er.
at piece with not obtaining a life goal??? I guess man...But everyone go about ish different(I'm a testament 2 dat)	At peace with not obtaining a life goal? I guess, man. But everyone goes about shit differently.(I'm a testament to that.	A-right with not gettin' to a life aim? I reckon, partner. But everybody does the business of livin' different-like. (I'm a living proof of that.)
I see what Thibs doing tho, he trying to temper expectations cuz his career is tied toRose...I jus hate the pessimism	I see what Thibs is doing though; he's trying to temper expectations because his career is tied toRose. I just hate the pessimism	I can see what Thibs is up to, he's tryin' to keep hopes in check 'cause his own career is linked to Rose. But I sure do hate that negativity.
Pre 07, in chicago there was no bruhz made under 30 I was denied membership for 3fucking years but I persevered.	Pre '07, in Chicago there were no brothers made under 30. I was denied membership for threefucking years, but I persevered	Before '07, in Chicago ain't been no brothas makin' it under thirty. I got denied membership for three goddamn years, but I kept on pushin'.
no diss to the good bruhz Josh either, but he came in a whole year before and didn't get shit to pop..wehad the city on fire.	No diss to the good brother Josh either, but he came in a whole year before and didn't get shit to pop...We had the city on fire	Ain't no disrespect to my good brotha Josh neither, but he come in a whole year befoah and didn't git nothin' to pop...We had the city burnin'.
We wasn't on some fuck youtube shit! We traveled talked shit andgot to know the bruhz!	We were not saying, \"Fuck youtube.\" We traveled, talked to people, and got to know those people	We weren't sayin', "Fuck youtube." We was travelin', talkin' to folks, and learnin' 'bout them people.
Yeah, she is ridiculous like her mother and should mind her own business!They will work it out!	Yes, she is ridiculous like her mother and should mind her own business!They will work it out	Yessiree, she's just as nutty as her mama, and she'd best stick to her own affairs! They'll figure it out.
Wait a min... this Cassie "Indo" track is pretty dope... Solangehelped her make a hit	Wait a minutes. This Cassie \"Indie\" track is pretty dope. Solangehelped her make a hit.	Hold up a minute y'all. This here "Indie" track by Cassie is really something else. Solange helped her make it a real banger.
Why do haters eat beans for dinner? So they can takea bubble bath lmao. Hater	Why do critics eat beans for dinner? So they can takea bubble bath, hahaha. Critic	Why do them critics eat beans for supper? It's so they can soak in a tub full of bubbles, hehe. Critic.
I be so happy when i wake up from a bad dream....custhey be feelin too real	I am so happy when I wake up from a bad dream because they feel too real	I's mighty pleased when I comes awake from a nasty nightmare 'cause they feels too real to me.
Damn. I haven't been on Twitter in a long time letme see what's going on	Man, I haven't been on Twitter in a long time letme see what's going on	Man, I ain't been on Twitter in a good while, lemme check it out and see what's shakin'.
Why my dude just tweet: Are you Jewish? Cause you givin' me a look like Jewish this dickwas in your mouth. Lmmfao	Why did my friend just Tweet \"Are you Jewish? Because you are giving me a look like you wish this peniswas in your mouth.\" Laughing my mother fucking ass off.	Why did my buddy go 'n' Tweeted, "You Jewish? 'Cause you got that look on yer face like you'd rather have this here dick in yer mouth." Crackin' up, laughin' mama's ass off.
Lmao Im goin to bed, shit really just blew me to the max cnt help but laugh cuz of course it'll endup being flipped on me	Laughing my ass off. I am going to bed. Shit really just blew me to the maximum. I cannot help but laugh because, of course it will endup being flipped on me.	I'm laughin' mah socks off 'ere. I's headin' to bed. Shit, it really did blow me away to the max. I just can't help but laugh 'cause, of course it will end up bein' flipped on me.
Special sunday shoutout to the old church lady wit the seethrou suit on P.S like the way yo stockings double up as abra too Stupid sexy lol	Special Sunday shout-out to the old church lady with the see through suit on. P.S. I like the way your stockings double up as abra too, stupid sexy, that's funny	Special Sunday shout-out to that ol' church lady wearin' that see-through dress on. P.S. I do declare, I rightly enjoy the way them stockings of yours doubles up as both hose and abracadabra, ya silly thing, that's a good one
I'm gonna post this & turn twitter off. It's so frustrating that everyone says this yet knows nothing.I hope he gets better.	I am going to post this and turn off Twitter. It is so frustrating that everyone says this, yet know nothing. I hope he gets better.	I'm fixin' to put this up on Twitter and then log off. It's just plain aggravatin', how everybody goes on about it, but don't seem to know nothin'. I sure do hope he gets better though.
Sometimes i think you were you raised on a farm Cause you sholl know howto raise a cock. lmmfao	Sometimes I think you were raised on a farm, because you should know howto raise a cock. Laughing my motherfucking ass off.	Sometimes I reckon you grew up out in the country, 'cause you oughta know how to take care of a rooster. Chortlin' my momma's good-timin' ass off.
I think ima have 2 make dat one phone call, ndlet my bae know wassup.	I think I will  have to make that one phone call, andlet my boyfriend know what is going on	I reckon I'll hafta make that one call to the phone, and tell my boyfriend what's goin' on.
When i get lonely I enjoy romantic scrolls up and down yourtimeline cuz you so sexy!	When I get lonely, I enjoy scrolling romantically through yourtimeline because you're so sexy	When I feels all alone, I do enjoy sittin' here and scrollin' through them pictures on your timeline. You're just somethin' else, ain't ya?
At ur best you are love, ur a positive motivating force within my life. And if you feel the need towonder why, let me know....	At your best you are love. You are a positive, motivating force within my life. And if you feel the need toask why, let me know	At your finest, you's pure love. You's a real upbeat, inspiring influence in my life. An' if y'all feel the hankerin' to ask why, just lemme know.
wish I could Come visit......Cali......I'ma get out there when I get my incometax tovacate.. Maybe we'll link up..	I wish I could visit California, When I get my income tax refund  I will go On a vacation. Maybe we can arrange a time to see each other	I do believe I'd like to pay a visit to Californy, once I git mah income tax refund in hand, I'll be hoppin' on a plane or somethin', for a vacay. Maybe we can work out a time fer us to see each other.
Excuse me miss but you need to stop being so damn sexy..... damn I forgot whatI was gone post lol	Excuse me miss, but you need to stop being so damn sexy. Damn, I forgot whatI was going to post. Laugh out loud.	Excuse me ma'am, but you really do need to quit bein' so blamed sexy. Lawd, I done forgot what I was fixin' to type. Hee-haw.
Can't wait to meet up with my boys, and at this PG-Hueytown Basketball game! Gunna bea good friday coming soon!	I can't wait to meet up with my boys, and at this PG-Hueytown Basketball game! Going to bea good Friday coming soon	I'm real excited to get together with my pals, an' that's gonna be at this here PG-rated Hueytown Basketball game. Gonna be a fine Friday comin' up soon.
cfblive yall keep hollering fsu they beat clemson who only legitimate win was against georgia,who's notwhat we thought they were.	Because you all keep hollering. FSU, they beat Clemson, whose only legitimate win was against Georgia, who is notwhat we thought they were.	Y'all just keep carryin' on. FSU, they whupped Clemson, but the only real win they had was against Georgia, who ain't what we thought they was.
I had my gum blessed by an Angel this morning. Imma chew thesleeves off this gum lol	I had my gum blessed by an angel this morning. I'm going to chew thesleeves off of this gum, haha	This mornin', an angel come and bless these here gums of mine. Now, I aim to chew the living daylights outta these gum wrappers, hehe.
Amazed, I just downloaded and watched what I missed last night on besides thisis my new favorite show.	I am amazed, I just downloaded and watched what I missed last night. Besides, thisis my new favorite show	I'm plumb shocked, I jus' downloaded and watched what I missed last night. An' this here's my new favorite show.
Its a beautiful night to have a beautiful dream. If I dream about that sexy gurl doesn*t thatmake you my dream gurl?!	Its a beautiful night to have a beautiful dream. If I dream about that sexy girl, doesn't thatmake you my dream girl	It's purty as a paintin' tonight for havin' some real nice dreams. If I'm dreamin' 'bout that there sexy gal, don't that make her my dream gal?
I look at it like this. Even the Haters got Love for me. You know why?? Because they Love ToHate me. HATE ON PLAYA.	Here's how I see it: even the people who don't like me actually love me. Do you know? Because they enjoy it. They don't like me. Continuing disliking me.	Here's my take on it: them folks that don't care for me, they do love me in their own way. Yessiree, they do. They might not be showin' it, but deep down, they enjoy havin' me around. They don't like me, mind you, but they do love me. Keep on disliking me, I reckon.
lol I will we need to have a nail day well I dnt need mynails done just my feet	We need to have a fingernail day. Actually, I don't need myfingernails done, just my toenail	We gotta have us a fingernail day, y'all. Truth be told, I don't need my fingers nails done, just my toes nails.
See idk if it's Cuz we don't go to the same schools or our lives changing it's likeour communication all fucked up	See, I don’t know if it’s because we don’t go to the same schools or our lives are changing. It’s likeour communication is all fucked up.	See, I ain't sure if it's 'cause we don't attend the same schools or our lives is changin'. It's like our communication is all jumbled up.
if u got sumthin to say bout my child tell me nd not da net BC BYTCHU NEED UR ASS BEAT	If you have something to say about my child, tell me and not the Internet because bitches,you need your asses beat	If y'all got somethin' to say 'bout my kid, tell me 'stead of the Internet 'cause some folks, you need to give 'em a good whuppin'.
25 people on this flight. My snoring will truly stand out.Nappy nap time. Peace out.	There are 25 people on the flight. My snoring will definitely be noticable.It is time to sleep, goodbye	There's twenty-five folks on that plane. I reckon my snorin' will for sure be noticeable. It's about time for bed, so long.
Aye ? Why niggas act like they toooo good to be promoters ? Never understoodthat... They make crazy money	Hey? Why do these guys act like they are too good to be promoters? I have never understoodthat... They make a lot of money.	Heck, why these fellas actin' all high and mighty like they ain't got no business bein' promoters? I just don't get it... They rake in a whole lotta cash.
I swear to God I was just thinking is that why Dae Dae calls me thatlmao" so you're just understanding	I swear to God, I was just thinking, \"Is that why Dae Dae calls me that,laughing my ass off?\" So you are just understanding.	I swear on God's life, I was just ponderin', "Could that be the reason Dae Dae gives me that name, laughin' my head off?" So you're just gettin' it.
wats up rappers? Y'all still shooting hoops with me today? My mom made ox tail andcook up rice.. No pressure...	What's up, rappers? Are you all still shooting hoops with me today? My mom made ox tail andcook-up rice. No pressure	Y'all rapper folks, how's it goin'? Y'all still hangin' out shootin' hoops with me today? My mama cooked up some good eats - ox tail and cook-up rice. No need to put on the pressure.
I got all these damn drugs inside me babyyy, They get me feelin likeI'm goin in a matrix	I have all these damn drugs inside me, baby. They have me feeling likeI'm going into a matrix	I got all these here dang drugs in me, sweetheart. Them drugs got me feelin' like I'm fixin' to step into a matrix.
He's never with no other chick, fronting like he's slick.Cause it's levels to this shit andshe could never be ME.	He's never with any other woman, acting like he's cool. Because there's levels to this shit andshe could never be me	He don't never be with no other woman, actin' all nonchalant. 'Cause there's different levels to this here business and she could never be me.
I want ppl to understand I kirk because I hate weak and raggedy bitches not more so raggedy buthow they carry them sleeves	I want people to understand that I go crazy because I hate weak and raggedy bitches, not so much raggedy, buthow they carry themselves	I wanna make it clear to folks that I gets real crazy 'cause I can't stand them sorry, weak, and shabby women, ain't so much 'bout bein' shabby, but more 'bout how they carry themselves.
U kiss me on the lips at night and tell me how much you love me you hold me close andnever let me b lonely!	You kiss me on the lips at night and tell me how much you love me. You hold me close andnever let me be lonely	At night, you press your lips to mine and tell me how much you adore me. You keep me near and never allow me to feel all alone.
I Remember My Past How I Used To Let Shit Disappoint Me Fast But Now I'm Like Fuck It Shidd IGot Ca$h Ta Count Nbs.!	I remember my past and how I used to let shit disappoint me quickly. But now, I am like, \"Fuck it. Shit, I have cash that counts. No big deal!\	I recollect my previous and how I'd let the little things bring me down quick. But these days, I'm thinkin', "Fuck it. Little things, they ain't got nothin' on my hard-earned cash. No biggie!"
World Studies Teacher Wild Asl For Given Us This Paper To Type In Its Due Toma >_< I'm Write ButJust Type It In School.!	Our world studies teacher is crazy for giving us this paper to write. It's due tomorrow! I'll write it butI'll just do it at school	Our world studies teacher's plum crazy for handin' us this here paper to pen down. It's gotta be in by tomorrow mornin'! I'll go ahead and write it, but I reckon I'll just do it right here at school.
Sitting here reflecting on how good God is! August has left us but guesswhat, I have no complaints!	Sitting here reflecting on how good God is! August has left us, but guesswhat? I have no complaints	Settin' here thinkin' 'bout how great God is! August done left us, but y'all guess what? I got nothin' but compliments.
My Moma Food Be So Good Its A Guaranteed Fact That It Will Make U Feel Some TypeOf Way And Fall Asleep.!	My mom's food is so good, it is a guaranteed fact that it will make you feel some typeof way and fall asleep	My mama's cookin' is sure somethin' special, it's an undeniable truth that it'll make you feel some kind of way and put you right out.
Once I began to believe what the Word of God say about me,my life began to change."	Once I began to believe what the \"Word of God\" says about me,my life began to change	Once I started thinkin' it was true what the "Word of God" says 'bout me and my life, things started changin'.
I Be Ready To Punch MFs In They Throat OMS Thats Why I Always BeQuite I'm Bipolar Asl Nbs.!	I am ready to punch the motherfuckers in their throat. Oh my science! That is why I am alwaysquiet. I am bipolar. Age, sex, and location	I'm all set to throw a right hook at those sumbitches in the throat. Lawd have mercy! That's why I'm usually quiet. I got bipolar. As for my age, sex, and location, that ain't none of y'all business.
since I didn't go to school today I guess I'll lay back down till I can findme something to get into	Since I didn't go to school today, I guess I'll lay back down till I can find myself something interesting to go do	Since I didn't attend school today, I reckon I'll just lie back down till I can find myself somethin' intriguing to go do.
Just have to deal with everything an pray to get through it... You cannever go wrong with praying	Just have to deal with everything and pray to get through it. You cannever go wrong with praying	Gotta handle everthang and pray to make it through. Ain't no mistake in puttin' faith in prayer.
oh ok I will try that out.... Well how do I ask for it if it'snot on the menu? Lol	Oh, okay. I will try that out. Well, how do I ask for it if it isnot on the menu? Laugh out loud.	Well, alrighty then. I'm gonna give that a shot. Now, how in tarnation do I go about askin' for it if it ain't listed on the menu? Ha! Ha! Ha!
I'm quiet but I just ride wit it. Moment I stop havin fun witit I'm done wit it	I am quiet but I just ride with it. The moment I stop having fun withit, I'm done with it.	I ain't got much to say, but I just go along with it. Once I stop havin' a good time with it, then I'll be through with it.
It's all in fun though. Everybody know light skin chicks withthin 'staches got fat asses	It is all in fun, though. Everybody knows that light-skin chicks withthin mustaches have fat asses.	It's all just for laughs, though. Folks know that gal's with fair skin, thin mustaches, and big ol' behinds is just a jest.
I ain't da prettiest nigga but damn bitch I juss said hello fuku mean its my job..	I'm not the most handsome guy but damn, bitch, I just said hello. Fuck,you're mean. It's my job	Ain't me the ugliest fella around here, but dang it all, gal, I just said howdy. Hell, you're a real piece of work. It's just my duty.
Lmfao...magnanimous. Nigga almost made me find a dictionary. I said fuck itand just used context clues	Lmfao (Laughing my f***ing ass off)... Magnanimous, N**** almost made me find a dictionary. I said \"screw it\",and just used context clues	LMFao (Laughin' mah fuckin' ass off)... Magnanimous, N**** near 'bout had me reachin' for a dictionary. I said "screw it", and just used context clues.
That when u walk pass Victoria secrets & a lady is picking up underwearthen you both make contact	That moment when you walk past Victoria Secret, and a lady is purchasing underwear,then you both make eye contact	That time when you stroll by Victoria's Secret, and there's a woman buyin' lingerie, then y'all lock eyes.
Whatup, I'm cool. Just been staying out the way. How youand that lil lady doing?	Hello, I'm doing well. I've just been behaving myself and staying out of trouble. How are youand your wife doing	Hey y'all, I'm doin' fine. Ain't been up to much, just tryin' to be good and stay outta trouble. Y'all doin' alright? How 'bout your missus?
Hairy pussy is not to be eaten, u can fuck it tho, don'tturn it down completely "	Hairy vaginas are not meant to have cunnilingus preformed upon it. You can have sex with it though, don't turn it down completely	Hairy pussies ain't meant for eatin' 'em out. But ya can still do the deed with 'em, so don't knock it completely.
But for me and Noelle to be eating Krispy Kreme donuts this time anight lol we so fat	But for me and Noelle to be eating Krispy Kreme donuts this time ofnight. Laugh out loud. We are so fat.	But for me and Noelle to be eatin' them there Krispy Kreme donuts in the middle of the night, hee-haw! We're plumb full.
A nigga ain't never around when he on top! But will do everything in his power to bringyou down when he down	A guy is never around when he's on top! But he will do everything in his power to bringyou down when he's down.	A fella ain't never around when he's on top, but he'll do everythang he can to drag you down when he's down.
and how long ago was that? Lmfaoo. I been since I could remember now. . I could shed a tear I'mso happy for u lol	and how long ago was that? I'm laughing hysterically. I been since I could remember now...I could shed a tear I'mso happy for you. I'm laughing	an' how long agone was that? I's laughin' my head off! I've bin sence I can recollect now...I could cry I'm so happy for ya. I's laughin'
Just woke up from a nap I really don't know howI fell asleep that fast	I just woke up from a nap.  I really don't know howI fell asleep that fast	I jus' come to, havin' took a little catnap. Ain't rightly sure how I dozed off so quick like that.
saw u handling them bills today in u no where early.....lol....same shit homie.....1.....chicks always lookn for a pay day	I saw you handling that money today, in \"you know where\" early today... That's funny... Same shit man, one thing only. Girls are lookingfor someones money	I seen ya dealin' with them dollars today, down at "you know where" real early today... That's a hoot... Same old stuff, just one thing. Women be lookin' for someone's money.
coach trestman is just what the dr ordered 4 my BEARS! We owe minny 4 that crappy loss 2 themlast yr. Let's Go Bears!	Coach Trestman is just what the doctor ordered for my Bears! We owe Minneapolise for that crappy loss to themlast year. Let's go, Bears	Coach Trestman's exactly what the doctor prescribed for my Bears! We're indebted to Minneapolis for that rotten loss to 'em last year. Let's get this show on the road, Bears!
I think you'd be lucky to get 5k, but even then what car would you get that's better thanthe one you have now?	I think you'd be lucky to get $5000, but even then, what car would you get that's better thanthe one you have now	I reckon you'd be mighty fortunate to fetch five figgers, but even so, what sorta car would ya end up with that's superior to the one you're drivin' now?
Attention: All Mets fans send out tweets as much as possible 4 Cuban 1b Jose Abreu thisoffseason 2 become a Met	Attention: All Mets fans send out Tweets as much as possible for Cuban. 1: Be Jose Abreu thisoffseason. 2: Become a Met	Attention all Mets supporters, y'all need to be tweetin' as much as you can do for Cuban. Here's what I mean: 1: Act like Jose Abreu did this off-season. 2: Turn yourself into a Met fan.
and I know u see me & his daddy textin u u r wrong for tht shit I hope u r think in twice and I hope uknow wht u r doin,,,	I know you have seen me texting his dad. You are wrong for acting that way and I hope you will reconsider.I hope you know what you are doing	I reckon you's seen me texin' his daddy. It ain't right for you to be actin' that way, and I sure do hope you'll give it some thought again. I do hope you knows what you's about.
Why Tf Would U Call Him Mf I Just Said He Didnt Put ItIn Dere Dam Just stfu	Why the fuck would you call him motherfucker? I just said he did not put itIn there, damn, just shut the fuck up.	Why in the world you ask me why I called him a motha-fucka? All I said was that he didn't put it in there, dang it! Just hush now.
andruz & kinsler r signed long term. I'll give u C Travis d'Arnaud & OF CesarPuello 4 SS Jurickson Profar.	Andruz and Kinsler signed for the longterm. I will give you Travis d'Arnaud and Cesar Puello for SS Jurickson Profa	Andruz and Kinsler signed on for the long haul. I'm givin' ya Travis d'Arnaud and Cesar Puello for the SS position, instead of Jurickson Profar.
Today calls for relaxation, pampering, eating.. a lot.. And sleeping morethan 3 hours a night	Today calls for relaxation, pampering, and eating. A lot. And sleeping morethan three hours at night	Today's all about relaxin', gettin' pampered, and eatin'. A whole lot. And catchin' some Z's, more than three hours at a time.
Aye My Girl My Girl she loves me. She hit me all the time my phone beringing of the hook like.	Hey, my girl, my girl, she loves me. She hits me all the time, my phone is ringing off the hook	Hey, my sweetheart, my honey, she's sure lovin' me. She's always whackin' me, my phone's goin' wild with calls comin' in left and right.
Watchu knoe bout stuffin bandz in a cerial box Tellin young'ns lemme know if theysee cops on the block	What do you know about stuffing bands in a cereal box? Telling children; \"Let me know if yousee cops on the block.\"	What ya know 'bout shovelin' bands into them cereal boxes? Tellin' kids, "Let me know if y'all see cops hangin' out on the corner."
HONESTLY,I REALLY DON'T GAF ABOUT WHAT YOU THINK OF THE MUSIC I LIKE....YEAH I GUESS IM LAME CAUSE IONREALLY LIKE 2 CHAINZ?? DAFUQ...	Honestly, I really don't give a fuck about what you think of the music I like. Yeah, I guess I'm lame because I don'treally like 2 Chainz? What the fuck	Honest to God, I truly don't care a whit 'bout what you reckon 'bout the tunes I favor. Yessiree, I suppose I'm a bit square 'cause I don't really dig 2 Chainz? What the fuck is wrong with me?
Tuh the people that talk to me tha most, QUOTE THIS WITH THEFUNNIEST THING I'VE EVA SAID.	To the people that talk to me the most, quote this with the funniest thing that I've ever said	Folks what talks to me the most, y'all quote this and share the funniest thing I ever said, an' believe me, it was a real hoot!
"BITCH I HOPE THE FUCK U DO YOU'LL BE A DEAD SON OF AH BITCHILL TELL YEW DET!!" LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO	Bitch, I fucking hope you do. You'll be a dead son of a bitch,I'll tell you that! I'm laughing	By golly, I sure do hope you will, you'll be as dead as a doornail, let me tell ya! I'm just laughin' my head off here.
Marriage isn't for you. You don’t marry to make yourself happy, you marryto make someone else happy.	Marriage isn't for you. You don't have to marry to make yourself happy, you marryto make someone else happy	Marriage ain't for you. You don't gotta tie the knot to make yerself happy, ya do it to make somethin' else happy.
I believe in the millions of possibilities in this world but pleasingeverybody isn't one of them	I believe in the millions of possibilities in this world, but pleasingeverybody isn't one of them	I believe in all the millions of chances this whole wide world has got to offer, but makin' everybody happy just ain't one of 'em.
Marriage isn’t for yourself, you’re marrying for a family. Not just for the in-laws and all of that nonsense,but for your future children.	Marriage isn't for yourself, you're marrying for a family. Not just for the in-laws and all of that nonsense,but for your future children	Marriage ain't 'bout yaself, ya'll be marryin' fer a fam'ly. Ain't just 'bout them in-laws an' all that hooey, but 'bout yer future chilluns.
Ill do all day if I could, put a lumber jack onand give you the wood.	I'll do all day if I could. Put a lumber jack onand give you the wood	I'd do it all day long if I could. Just put a log chopper on and I'll give you the firewood.
People got 20/20 vision when it comes to YOUR problems, but be RayCharles to their own bullshit!"	People have 20/20 vision when it comes to you're problems, but they're as blind as RayCharles to their own bullshit	Folks got real clear vision 'bout your mishaps, but they's as clueless as Ray Charles when it comes to their very own hooey.
If another person say I look like Ceaser from Black Ink immasmack the shit outta them	If another person says I look like Ceaser from \"Black Ink\" Im going tosmack the shit out of them	If another person tells me I look like Ceaser from "Black Ink", I'm gonna give 'em a good wallop.
I swear yo if we get this ok on the bowl game shit gonna get real dark n scary fast forwhoever we play I promise!	I swear that if we win this bowl game, it's going to by intimidating towhoever we play against, I promise	I swear to God, if we wins this here bowl game, it's gonna be right intimidatin' to whoever we plays against. I promise.
you see this .. "hey mar my baby , I miss you" I miss you too.	You see this: \"Hey, mar, my baby, I miss you.\"\"I miss you too.\	Y'all see this: "Hey, mar, my baby, I miss ya. ""I miss you too.""
Well I worked all summer couldn't save a cent. Gave allmy money to the government.	I worked the whole summer and have nothing to show for it. I had topay taxes with all of it	I worked my tail off the whole summer an' didn't have nothin' to show for it. Had to pay them taxes on every last penny of it.
I don't got nun I just got something in the wayof me going up there	I don't have anything. I just have something in the wayof me going up there	I ain't got nothin'. I jus' got somethin' blockin' me from goin' up yonder.
Didn't make it to Waffle House nor Ihop last night so I'm aboutto make my own breakfast	I didn't get to go to waffle House or Ihop last night so what I'm going to do is make my own breakfast now	I didn't get to paddle on over to Waffle House or IHOP last night. So, what I'm fixin' to do is whip up my own breakfast right here now.
Somebody stole my jacket I'm scared to tell my mom " ayoooohow you loose it ?	Somebody stole my jacket, I'm scared to tell my mom. Hey, wow,how did you lose it	Sombody stole my jackety-all, an' I's plumb scared ter tell mah maw. Heck, wow, how in tarnation did you misplace it?
I Woke Up In Some New Punani , He Woke UpBleeding Like Who Shot Me!	I woke up in some new vagina, he woke upbleeding thinking; \"Who shot me?\"	I come to, find myself in some unfamiliar womanly parts, he wakes up bleedin', thinkin'; "Who the hell shot me?"
I Forgot all About Ask.fm But Go Ask Me Stuff I just put The link BackIn my bio Soo Goo.	I forgot all about \"Ask.FM\", but \"Go Ask Me Stuff\", I just put the link backin my bio, Soo Go	I forgot all 'bout "Ask.FM", but "[Go Ask Me Stuff](http://goaskmestuff.com)"" I jus' put the link back in my bio, Soo Go.
I'm thankful for all the celebs and non celebs I have interacted with over social media the past several yearsu guys inspire me constantly	I'm thankful for all the celebrities and non-celebrities I have interacted with over social media the past several yearsyou guys inspire me constantl	I'm mighty grateful fer all them celebrities and common folks I've engaged with on social media these last few years. Y'all inspire me something fierce.
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition youhave encountered, and the courage!	Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition youhave encountered, and the courage	Success ain't about what ya done accomplished, but 'bout the opposition ya had to face, and the guts ya showed in keepin' on fightin' against that opposition.
I don't trust easily, so when I tell you I trust yu, pleasedon't make me regret it...	I don't trust anybody, so when you earn my trust, pleasedon't screw up and break it	I don't trust nobody none, so when you get me to believe in you, please don't mess up and lose that trust.
U have proved time and time again that you don't give a shit and you are too good to be over here so just saythe fuck where you st	You have proved time and time again that you do not give a shit and that you are too good to over here. So just saythe fuck where you are at.	You've shown it time an' time again that you don't give a damn and that you're too highfalutin' to be over here. So just come on out and tell us where the hell you are at.
Today I feel like oscar the grouch...looking for the nearest trashcanto hide in till 5pm.	Today I feel like Oscar the Grouch... looking for the nearest trash can to hide in until 5pm.	Today, I'm feelin' kinda like Oscar the Grouch... huntin' down the closest dumpster or garbage bin to crawl into and hide till five o'clock.
I think I saw the meteor too but I thought itwas a stunt from !	I think I saw the meteor too, but I thought itwas a stunt fro	I reckon I seen that meteor too, but I thought it was some kinda stunt from the folks down at the fair or somethin'.
People really never seem to amaze me. I get so sick of people only hitting youup when they need you	I am not impressed with people at all. I am so tired of them treating you like that. They only talk to you when they need something	I ain't impressed none with folks at all. I'm plum tuckered out of 'em, treatin' you that way. They only come around and talk to you when they need somethin'.
I swear college is useless I'm done wat that shit unless its freeand I'm talkin golf classes	I swear, college is useless. I am done with that shit unless it's freeand I'm taking golf classes.	I swar, goin' to college is a waste. I've had enough of that nonsense, unless it's gratis and I'm learnin' how to play golf.
ok I get off at 230 so ima come wash ifyou don't have any plans	ok I get off at 2:30 so I can come wash ifyou don't have any plan	Alright, I'm finishin' up at 2:30, so I can come on over and do some washin' if y'all don't have nothin' goin' on.
ERETHING on sale.. They bouta bumrush the doors I jus hope nobodytries to steal anything smfh	Everything on sale... They are about to charge the doors. I just hope nobodytries to steal anything. *shaking my fucking head\	Ev'rythang on sale at this here place... They's fixin' to let in a crowd, and I jus' hopes nobody tries ta pilfer nothin'. *shakin' mah fuckin' head.
Dum bitch jus said damn tyga been text Gucci earlier... You dum bitch tyga on the westcoast... Smfh I'm done yo	That dumb bitch just said damn, Tyga was texting Gucci earlier. You dumb bitch Tyga on the WestCoast... I'm shaking my head, I'm done	That dang fool gal just hollered damn, Tyga was texin' Gucci on the West Coast 'bout an hour ago... I'm shakin' me head, I've had enough.
hell yeah or he ain't gonna make out." He goin killhimself if they corner him	Hell yeah, or he isn't going to make it out. He is going to killhimself if they corner him	By golly, if he ain't gonna make it outta there, then he might just take his own life if they got him back against a wall.
Niggas a snitch on a niggaaa at work then somebody come snitch rite on them and den theybe sick ass shit lls	Dude is an informer on another guy at work, then somebody tattles right on them and then theyare frustrated, hahaha	That fella's snitchin' on another guy at the job, but then someone goes and rats 'em out, and by golly, they're mighty vexed about it! Ha ha!
Dam U Aite?? Thought U Hung Urself Afta Yesterday"boy ya lost tobitch ya some shit foreal	Damn, are you alright? I thought you hung yourself after yesterday. Boy, you lost to a bitch, you are some shit for real	Dang, you all right? I reckon you went and hanged yerself after yesterday. By golly, you got beat by a woman, you're some low-down no-good for sure.
If u tryin sell a iPhone call ur community CARRYOUT theywill geek off that shit	If you are trying to sell an iPhone, call your community \"CARRYOUT\", theywill really enjoy that shit	If you're tryin' to sell an iPhone, call your crowd "CARRYOUT", they'll sure get a kick out of that.
All I see on ig is pictures with quotes talkin bout niggas this niggas dat I'mbout done with that shit	All I see on Instagram, is pictures with quotes talking about; \"People this, people that\". I'mabout done with that shit	All I'm seein' on Instagram is pics with them quotes talkin' 'bout, "People do this, people do that." I'm bout done with that nonsense.
Student loan ppl in my bushes so bad they got my first pair of shoesin they rear view mirrors!!!	There are student loan people following me so closely, they have my first pair of shoesin their rear view mirrors	There's these here student loan folks followin' me so close, they got my first pair of shoes in their rear view mirrors.
Can't drink cause I got a scrimmage tonite be cussing the kids out and and get the arguing witthe dumbest coaching staff ever!!	I can't drink because I have a scrimmage tonight, I will be cursing out the kids and will be arguing withthe dumbest coaching staff ever	I can't have me a drink 'cause I got a scrimmage goin' on tonight. I'll be cussin' out them kids and arguin' with the dumbest coachin' staff ever put together.
I'm not rude if I call my boyfriend & wake him up cause hewill do it to me!	I'm not rude if I call my boyfriend and  wake him up, because hewill do it to me too	I ain't bein' disrespectful when I call my man and wake him up, 'cause he does the same thing to me.
Don't play with me! & I played you at your own game& you hate that Idgaf	Don't mess with me. I used your own tactics to catch you in your liesand you can't stand it. I don't give a fuck	Don't come near me. I used your same tricks against you and caught you in your lies. You just can't handle it. I really couldn't care less.
I'm already knowing when I talk to him he got somewords for my little ass	I already know when I talk to him he will have somewords for me	When I talks to him, I knows he gon' have somethin' to say to me.
I need to go wash I don't have a clue of what I'm putting on omfg I have too many damn clothes & always sayingI don't have any lies	I need to go wash, I don't have a clue of what I'm putting on. Oh my fucking god, I have too many damn clothes, and always sayingI don't have any lies	I gots to go wash m'self, but I'm plum stumped 'bout what I'm gonna wear. Lawd have mercy, I got so many blamed clothes, and I'm always sayin' I ain't got none!
Cause I didn't know he called & I don't have a miss call that tripping spazzing shit I'm notfor it tonight at all	Because I didn't know he called, and I don't have a missed call. That tripping spazzing stuff, I'm notfor it tonight at all	'Cause I didn't know he called me back, an' I ain't got no missed calls showin'. That jumpin', flailin' nonsense, I sure as shootin' ain't in the mood for it tonight.
I'm so use to being lonely it ain't funny but a learning lesson I need to be with ppl datwant to be with me	I'm so used to being lonely. It's not funny but a learning lesson. I need to be with people whowant to be with me.	I've gotten real comfortable with bein' all by myself. Ain't no laughin' matter, but more like a hard-learned lesson. I reckon I need to surround myself with folks who wanna be around me.
Good morning; we wish u all w wonderful Monday may God blessings, mercy, and grace be with u all.Holy Spirit go out b4us in Jesus name Amen	Good morning; we wish you all a wonderful Monday. May God's blessings, mercy, and grace be with you. Holy Spirit, go out beforeus in Jesus' name. Amen	Good mornin'; y'all have yourselves a fine Monday mornin'. May the Lord's blessings, mercy, and grace be upon y'all. Holy Ghost, go before us in Jesus' name. Amen.
Why we gotta steal my saying tho. "Slow dancing is how you catch feelings" I said thatsame exact thing last night	Why do we have to steal my saying though? \"Slow dancing is how you catch feelings.\" I said thatsame exact thing last night	Why in tarnation do we have to swipe my sayin' though? I went right ahead and said thatself same exact thing just last night: "Slow dancin' is how you git feelins'.\"
I didn't try to hold your hand g. I HELD that shit. Just likehow I grabbed that ass	I didn't try to hold your hand, dude. I held that shit, just likehow I grabbed that ass	I didn't reach for yore hand, partner. I had a grip on it, same as how I clutched that derriere.
Visit schools... you need to understand what is happening on the ground inorder to lead sustainable change.	Visit schools, you need to understand what is happening on the ground inorder to lead sustainable change	Y'all got to go visit them schools. You gotta figure out what's really goin' on down there if y'all wanna bring about some lasting improvement.
Wow! Lilacs and champagne at metro.. One of the best shows i've seen. Jazz metal? And westill have Grails to go!	Wow! Lilacs and champagne at Metro, one of the best shows I've seen Jazz metal? And westill have Grails to go	Wow! Lilacs and champagne at Metro, one' of the best shows I've seen. Jazz metal, ya say? And we still got them Grails to go.
someone should make a website where they stream a go-pro camera that is attached to their cat, 24/7.They would win the internet.	Someone should upload a video stream of a what a cat does 24/7 as filmed through a go-pro camera attached to the cat.They would become an internet sensation	Sombody oughta put up a video of a cat actin' all day long, filmed through a go-pro cam strapped on the cat. They'd prob'ly turn into an internet star.
Do you care? Do you love it? Your answers should be No and Yes, respectively,if you are Icona Pop.	Do you care? Do you love it? You answers should be \"no\", and \"yes\", respectively;if you are Icona Pop	Y'all don't give a hoot 'bout it, but if y'all is Icona Pop, then heck yes, y'all love it!
Can't wait to open up my own store!! My boo be home soon andwe gonna get it together!!	I can't wait to open up my own store. My boyfriend will be home soon andwe are going to be successful together	I'm just dyin' to get me own store open. My boyfriend's comin' home soon and we're gonna make it big together.
Man it's hot as shit out here!! I see why I normally be sitting in my car and I'm 1house away fr bus stop!!	Man, it's hot as shit out here! I see why I normally sit in my car when I'm onehouse away from the bus stop	Man, it's hotter'n hell out here! I reckon that's why I usually just wait in my car when I'm just a stone's throw away from the bus stop.
I was warned long ago by your friends!!! Smh.... Yeah change soon!!! U trip cause you in your feelingssmh really who does that???!!!	I was warned long ago by your friends! Shaking my head. Yeah, change soon! You act crazy because you're emotional.Shaking my head. Really, who does that	I were told way back by your pals! Shakin' me head. Yessiree, change a-comin'! You actin' nutty 'cause you're feelin' emotional. Shakin' my head. No sir, who does that?
Who wanna buy d tape of rocko running and guwop kickin him in ass. Wit my house shoes on lol.I want 250k" I'm dead!!!	Who would want to buy the tape of Rocko running and Guwop kicking him in the ass. With my shoes on, haha.\"I want $250,000\" I'm laughing so hard	Who'd wanna buy the tape of Rocko runnin' and Guwop kickin' him in the butt. With my shoes on, hehe. I want two hundred fifty thousand dollars. I'm laughin' so hard.
Then I got with Jazz, Bear and Lary and won chips in unlimited I was the manas a pup" FB huh	Then I got with the Jazz, Bear, and Larry, and won unlimited chips. I was the manas a pup. Facebook, huh	Then I hooked up with them Jazz boys, Bear and Larry, and we won us all them chips you can get. Man, I was something back then. What's this here Facebook thingamajig?
Solid that tilapia looked all that I b hungry looking atya shit u gotta chill	The tilapia looked amazing and I was so hungry. Wow you really need to calm down	That tilapia looked somethin' fierce and I was plumb starved. Lawd, you really do need to take it easy now.
Yall do know mogs doing cuffing season for they 10th year str8 is doing thisALL THEE fuck wrong right?	You all do know guys are doing cuffing season for their 10th year straight is doing thisall the fuck wrong, right	Y'all do know that some guys been doin' this cuffing season thing for ten years straight is all messed up, ain't it.
Maybe I'm looking at Cuffing season all wrong tho...Maybe its supposeto be a revolving door...	Maybe I am looking at Cuffing season all wrong though. Maybe it is supposedto be a revolving door	Maybe I'm misunderstandin' Cuffing season though. Maybe it's s'posed to be like a revolvin' door.
depends on how u meet me...I simply don't care about a lot of stuff most do...so itcan come off as "chill"	It depends on how you meet me. I simply do not care about a lot of stuff that most do. So itcan appear as \"chill\".	It all depends on how we cross paths. Truth is, I don't give much thought to the things that most folks seem to care about. So it might come across as me bein' real laid-back.
Its crazy how common practice it is for ppl to exxagerate they heights...like 90percent of ppl do it.	It's crazy how common practice it is for people to exaggerate their height, like 90percent of people do it	It's plumb crazy how near-about everybody does it, but they go on and on braggin' 'bout how tall they are, even though most folks do it, around ninety percent of 'em.
Every nigga den taught sumthing to a chick dat she took over to her new guy...udeserve nothing from that tutoring...	Every person then taught something to a woman that she transferrred to her new boyfriend. Youdeserve nothing from those lessons	Every body back then was showin' somethin' to a gal. She passed it on to her new beau. You ain't gettin' nothin' from them lessons.
I don't think Ye is ghey, I think he just aimmature lil nigga with talent...	I don't think Ye is gay. I think he's just animmature little guy with talent..	I don't reckon Ye's gay. I figgers he's jus' an immature little fella with talent.
and be honest, do YOU like a guy that would bethat passive and allow that?	and be honest, do YOU like a guy that would bethat passive and allow that	Now tell the truth, you one of them gals that does like a fella actin' all that passive and let that happen to 'em?
sorry sheem, im over 6 feet and I never had to jump thruhoops...I only dunk alley oops.	sorry Sheem, I'm over 6 feet and I never had to jump throughhoops...I only dunk alley oops	Sheem, I'm real sorry but I'm taller than six feet and never had to leap through hoops. All I do is dunk alley oops.
I hate u phathom degree having niggaz too! Why even speak on it? Shit I don't even knowwhere my degree is located!	I hate you white acting degree fellow African Americans.  Why even brag about it?  Shitwhere my degree is located	I can't stand ya pretentious white-actin' college grad African Americans. Why in tarnation you gotta boast 'bout it? Damn, where's my diploma at?
Sooo a Church chick just asked me on train if I attend church...I justmoved seats away from her...	So a Church lady just asked me on the train if I attend strip clubs.   I justmoved seats away from her	So this here Church lady asks me on the train if I goes to them strip joints. I had just moved myself to another seat from her.
Iono how it happened...but Herion is now back on the scene in theChicago in a big way	I don't know how it happened. But heroin is now back on the scene inChicago in a big way.	I don't reckon how it come about. But heroin's back and stronger than ever in Chicago.
U mogs with no experience expecting 6 figgaz outta school blowme...who sell yall these dreams???	You guys with no experience, expecting six figures out of school? Blowme... Who sold you all these dreams??	Y'all without no job experience, thinkin' y'all gonna make six figures right outta school? Well, I'll tell ya, that's a big ol' heap of nonsense! So who was it that sold y'all all them fancy dreams?
riding ya GF on handle bars on ya way to a date look more dum (couldn'tsnag the pix in time)	Riding your girlfriend on handle bars on your way to a date looks more dum. I could notsnag the pictures in time.	Ridin' your girl on the handlebars on your way to a date looks plumb dumb. Ain't could get a hold of them pictures in time.
Package Bossman...I think dat was the 90s he was in the Louand estl skating rinks lol	Package Bossman... I think that was the 90s, he was in the Louand ESTL skating rinks, hahaha	Package Bossman... I reckon that was back in the 90s, he was hangin' out at the skatin' rinks in St. Louis and ESTL, hahaha.
Yall bet not be giving ANY money to a mog with gray hair playingon buckets next to road!	You all better not be giving ANY money to a mog with gray hair playing on buckets next to the road!	Y'all better not be handing OVER A PENNY to some old fella with gray hair, sittin' by the side of the road with buckets!
If anyone need a good furance installer for LOW fuck with me uknow I got it (info)	If anyone is looking for a good furnace installer for a cheap price let me know.I have contact info for someone	If y'all are searchin' for a real good deal on a furnace installer, give me a holler. I got some contact info if ya need it.
Imma speak on this perp that work at Lowes once I'm donedoing this grown up shit...	I am going to speak to this person who works at Lowes once I am finishedwith my responsibilities	I'm gonna go on an' have a chat with that there person what works at Lowes, as soon as I've finished up with my obligations.
Maaan I ain't rocked a pair of wheat tims in hella...Icelebrate them coming back lol	Man, I haven't worn a pair of Wheat/Brown Timberlands in a long time. Ilove that they're coming back in style	Man, it's been a while since I put on a pair of them old Wheat/Brown Timberland boots. I sure do love me some of them, and it's nice to see 'em makin' a comeback again.
I think 2014 will be the year of the Mistress by the waywomen big up Oliva Pope...	I think 2014 will be the year of the Mistress based off of the waywomen celebrate Olivia Pope..	I reckon 2014 is gonna be the year of the Mistress, seein' as how women seem to be celebratin' Olivia Pope something fierce.
Great show tonight! Do you think you can send the furniture backwith Dr. Phil? Those ottomans...	That was a great show tonight! Do you think that you can send the furniture backwith Dr. Phil? These ottomans..	That there show was somethin' else tonight, ain't it? I was wonderin', could you be sendin' them thar furniture back with Dr. Phil? These here ottomans...
haha I'm 23, its not forbidden to say for us. I remember kemba walker said it after the UCONNchampionship win. Surprised I was.	Haha, I'm 23, so its not forbidden to say for us. I remember Kemba Walker said it after the UCONNchampionship win. I was surprised	Hee-hee, I's twenty-three year old, so it ain't against the rules for us to say it. I recalls Kemba Walker hollerin' it out after that UCONN championship win. It took me by surprise.
Im jus attracted to rough ass niggahs mane ,ilove a niggah thats bout it but still knohow to treat his ole'lady	I'm just attracted to rough as men, I love a man that's about it, but still know'show to treat his old lady	I jus' find mahself drawn to them rough and tumble fella. I loves me a man, but I still knows how to take care of my ol' gal.
They don't really want it with us, say they want it with us, theydon't don't want it nigga	They do not really want to get with us. They say they want to get with us, theydo not want to get with us	They ain't really hankerin' after us. They be sayin' they want to be with us, but they don't wanna be with us.
man you should hv told me so I can give you your 101class lol"lol I should of	Man, you should have told me you so I could have given you your 101class, *laughing out loud*. *laughing out loud* I should have	Man, you oughta told me 'bout that class of yours, *laughin' out loud*. *laughin' out loud* I reckon I shoulda given ya that 101class of yours.
Ihate everything about moving" yesss me 2"the freakn worst" it will bover b4 u no it	\"I hate everything about moving.\" \"Yes, me too.\" \"The freaking worst.\" It will beover before you know it	"I can't stand nothin' 'bout movin'. It's a real pain in the butt. But hey, it won't last forever."
109 hard "yes gawd"how u get up there so fast" I'maddicted and now I'm stuck	109 is hard. \"Yes, God. How do you get up there so fast?\" I amaddicted and now I am stuck.	109's real tough. "Yessiree, Lord. How in tarnation do you get up there so quick?" I'm plumb addicted now and can't seem to break free.
If you know that you Betta then the new girl that he on, go head & tell em now u gonnamiss me when I'm gone!!!	If you know that you are better than the new girl that he's dating, go ahead and tell him now that he's going tomiss me when I'm gone	If y'all know that you're more than this here new gal he's seein', then go right on ahead and tell him now 'fore he misses ya when ya gone.
The thing that caught my eye is the same thing thatmakes me Change my mind!	The thing that caught my eye is the same thing thatmakes me change my mind	What grabbed my attention is the exact same thing that makes me switch my thinking around.
Gettin my hair cut soon,,I need that contact,,.im ah need u to meet me in ya dm Igotta ask u somethin" kk	Getting my hair cut soon. I need that contact. I am going to need you to meet me in your dorm. Ihave to ask you something. Okay okay	Ain't got much longer 'fore I get mah hair cut. I sure do need that contact. Now, I'm fixin' to need you to meet me at your dorm. I got somethin' important to ask ya. Alright, alright.
I been in the cut getting this money up! I miss my favoritetwins.. Y'all still out bmore?!	I have been in the bad part of town gathering this money up! I miss my favoritetwins... Are you all still around \"Bmore\"?	I've been down in them rough neighborhood parts of town collectin' this here money up! Ain't none of y'all still hangin' round "Bmore" and them favoritetwins of mine, are ya?
I have so much hope in a person ! Reality check : they will NEVER change !!! I'mnot foolin with it !!!	I have so much hope in a person. In reality, they will never change! I'mnot wasting my time with it	I got all this here faith in a person. But the truth is, they ain't never gonna change! I'm not gonna be wastin' my time on it.
I have a problem, My phone keep shutting down by it's self what do Ineed to do..... HELP! PLEASE	I need help, my phone keeps powering off on it's own and I need instructionson how to fix it, help me please	I'm in a pickle here, my phone keeps shutting itself off and I sure could use some guidance on how to get it fixed. Could ya lend a hand, please?
wrd 2 the wise if u runnin a train on a jank dont evr B the nigga gettin head 1st cuz the head gone B wack cuxshe gone B gettin dicked	Just to let you know if you are ever having an orgy with a woman and other men are there don't ever be the person getting oral sex performed on you by the woman, because the oral sex is going to be of poor quality due to the fact thatthe woman is going to be getting screwed	Just so you know, if you're ever havin' an orgy with a gal and there's other fellas there, don't never be the fella gettin' head from the gal. 'Cause the head is gonna be of poor quality 'cause the gal is gonna be gettin' it on with [someone].
So u gone tell me by me bring a gentlemen and the man my motha raised me 2I payed for the pussy?	So you're going to tell me that by being a gentleman and the man my mother raised me to be,I paid for the pussy	So you're tellin' me that actin' like a Southern gentleman and bein' the man mama raised me to be, I paid for that there womanly affection?
Just finished watching sleepy hollow. Its scarey funny, and same time. Its likeyour on a rollercoaster ride.	I just finished watching Sleepy Hollow. It's scary and funny at the same time. It's likeyou are on a rollercoaster ride.	I jus' finished watchin' Sleepy Hollow. It's scairt and funny all in one. Kinda feels like you're ridin' a rollercoaster.
Why does he make me so mad and then make me love him again? Is that the emotional roller coaster everyone singabout? Excuse me but damn!!!!	Why is he able to make me so angry and then make me fall back in love with him again? Is that what people mean when they talk about an emotional roller coaster? I can't believe it	Why in the world can he make me so dang mad and then make me feel all lovey-dovey towards him again? Folks call that kind of thing an emotional roller coaster, I reckon. Can't hardly believe it myself.
Happy for the Jets. They are gonna need all the helpthey can get this season.	I'm happy for the Jets. They are going to need all the helpthey can get this season	I'm real pleased for them Jets. They's gonna need every bit of help they can find this here season.
Why is it always the GOP who wants to shutdown the gov? Cry babies! Sore losers. ACA is goodfor many and the pocketbook.	Why do Rebulicans always want to shut down the government? They are complainers and cannot stand to fail. The ACA is great for a lot of people and their finances	Why do them Republican folk always hankerin' to close down the government? They're just grumblin' and can't abide by failure. The ACA, it's real purty for a heap of folks and their money.
Today was really good. I'm so happy to be alive and well. I'm really grateful for all the many thingshe has done for me.!!!√√	Today was really good. I'm so happy to be alive and well. I'm really grateful for all the many thingshe has done for me!	Today was real purty good. I's mighty pleased as punch to be alive and in good health. I's sure right grateful fer all them many things he's done for me!
My daughter washed the dishes for some cash. Once she got paid, she said "i'mrich and in getting richer"!	My daughter washed the dishes for some cash. Once she got paid, she said, \"I'mrich and I'm getting richer!\"	My little girl washed the dishes for some money. Once she got her pay, she said, "I'm rollin' in dough and I'm gettin' more!"
If u can't afford to fill up ur gas tank at least once every 2wks, don't buy a SUV.	If you can't afford to fill up your gas tank at least once every twoweeks, don't buy an SUV	If you can't pay for puttin' a full tank of gas in your vehicle at least once every two weeks, then don't go buy no big ol' SUV.
About to finish cooking on the grill and chill with my wife anddaughter and watch my birds	I am about to finish cooking on the grill, and then I'm going to relax with my wife andmy daughter and watch my girls	I'm near done cookin' on the grill here, but once that's finished, I'm gonna unwind with my wife and my little girl. We're gonna sit back and watch my girls.
like you see code words and stuff they use to talk to they man or howthey hide who you are	For example, you see code words they use to talk to their man or howthey hide who you are	For instance, you might come across some code words they use when speakin' to their man, or how they keep your identity hidden.
Man if I have roommates I would make sure sex sounded like a murder scene forget beingrespectful you gone hear that	Man, if I have roommates, I would make sure sex sounded like a murder scene. Forget beingrespectful, you are going to hear that	Man, if I got me some roomies, I'd see to it that my bedroom business sounded just like a murder scene goin' down. Ain't got no time for bein' respectful. You're gonna hear some loud ruckus comin' from my place.
I wish I was on this show, I'm all about marvel and I'm one of thebiggest nerds in Indianapolis xD	I wish I was on this show. I'm into Marvel and are one of thebiggest nerds in Indianapolis	I do believe I'd like to be on that there show. Now, I'm plumb crazy 'bout Marvel, and I reckon I'm one of the biggest ol' nerds hailin' from Indianapolis.
The only people I owe my loyalty to are those whonever made me questions theirs!!	The only people that I owe any loyalty to are those people whonever made me question their loyalty to me	The only folks I owe any loyalty to is them folk never made me doubt their loyalty to me.
I got three kids and I told them we gonna make it out the Hood and I rather die beforeI take my words back	I have three children and I promised them we will not live here forever. I would rather die. I don't want to have to go back on my words	I got me three kiddos an' I swore to 'em we wouldn't be livin' in this old place forever. But the truth is, I'd rather just up and leave this world myself. I don't want to have to go back on my promises.
Take me for who I am if you don't like itsuck my dick...." Well damn	Take me for who I am, if you do not like itsuck my dick. Well, damn	Take me for what I'm worth, if ya don't like it, suck my dick. Well, dang.
These Vegas stories wild as fcuk!!! "She say she was dipping chickenfingers in ranch buttaball NAKED!	These Vegas stories are wild as fuck! She said she was dipping chickenfingers in ranch butterball, naked	Them Vegas tales is sure wild 'n' out! She claimed she was dippin' chickenfingers in ranch butterball, bare-assed naked.
Oh well Sneaker Con was dope.... Now LOOK LOUNGE is where uall need to be 2nite.	Oh well, Sneaker Con was fun. Look Lounge is where youall should go tonight	Well I guess that Sneaker Con wasn't so bad. Y'all oughta check out Look Lounge tonight instead.
Imma be gettin hella sex dis wk since Govt workers aint got no jobs. Feel like a18yr old on Fall Break!	I am going to be getting a lot of sex this week since Government workers don't have jobs. I feel like a 18 year old on Fall Break!	I'm fixin' to be receivin' a heap of lovin' this here week. See, them Government folks ain't got no jobs. I feels just like an eighteen year old on Fall Break!
I AINT REALLY REALLY TRIPPIN.IM JUSS GON WATCH N SEE HOW DIS SPANDS OUT (SITS BACK,KICKS FEETUP,N PUTS HANDS BEHIND HEAD)	I'm not acting too crazy. I'm just going to watch and see how this develops. (I sit back, kick my feetup, and put my hands behind my head.	Ain't I actin' none too nutty here? I'm jus' gonna set back, put mah feet up on the coffee table, an' rest mah hands behind mah head. I'm gonna watch this unfold an' see where it goes.
My lil freestyle: u ah ok rapper,but i aint snitchin U JUSS MADE DAT MAH HAIRLOOK BETTA DEN YA BITCHES.	My little freestyle. You are an okay rapper, but I am not snitching. You just made the man hairlook better than your bitches.	My li'l freestyle. You ain't no great rapper, but I ain't tellin'. You just made that man's hair look better than your gals.
Ooohhh snap!!! I aint goin tmr cause i gotta go tuh daeye doctor (dances like Carlton)	Oh no! I'm not going tomorrow because I have to go to theeye doctor who dances like Carlton	Oh dear! I ain't goin' tomorrow 'cause I gots to go see the eye doctor. He acts real funny, like Carlton.
"meek mill rap like he came home n saw all his shiton da porch" JSJSKSKSKSKSJJDDHH LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO	He was rapping and when he arrived home he saw all of his belongings.They were on the porch	He was rappin' his heart out, an' when he got home, ev'ry one of his things was sittin' on the porch.
AND SOME OF THA MOST UGLIEST BITCHES/NIGGAZ I EVA SAW IN MAH LIFE WAS LIGHT SKINNED.SO STFU WIT ALL DAT "DARKSKINNED PPL IS UGLY" SHIT.	Some of the most ugly bitches or guys I have ever seen in my life were light skinned. So shut the fuck up with all that \"darkskinned people are ugly\" shit	Some of the ugliest mamas or pappas I've ever laid eyes on in this here life was real light-skinned. So y'all just hush now with all that "light-skinned folks is ugly" nonsense.
Wanna get blocked? Reply to my tweet wit a mixtape, song,or a video. I WILL FVCKIN JUMP THROUGHDIS SCREEN ON YO ASS.	Do you want to get blocked? Reply to my Tweet with a mixtape, song or a video. I will fucking jump throughthis screen on your ass	You wanna get yourself blocked? Go ahead and reply to my Tweet with some mixtape, tune, or video. I'll be hoppin' through this here screen to give you what for!
kay next time i go tuh a m&g, IM HANDIN DATNIGGA A BOTTLE OF LOTION.	Okay, next time I go to a meeting, I am handing thatblack man a bottle of lotion.	Alright, next time I head to a meetin', I'm gonna give that there black fella a bottle of lotion.
Parents: lemme check yo twitter. Me: ok juss give me a minute-logs out and deletes app-	Parents ask to ask se my twitter. I said okay, I will ket you in a minute I log out of twitter and delete the applicatio	Parents wanted to see my Twitter. I told 'em sure thing, give me just a minute here. I logged outta Twitter and deleted the application.
lmaooo i been tryin fah like 3 months for him tuh see it but he neva noticedit.so i juss stopped trying	I'm laughing; I've been trying for about three months to make him see it, but her never noticedit. So I just stopped trying	I's laughin'; I've been tryin' fer 'bout three months to get him to see it, but he neva noticed it. So I jus' quit tryin'.
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE HE JUST RAN FROM THE COPS AND HE EXPLAININGWHAT JUST HAPPENED" ahhh lmfaoo	Meek Mill raps like he just ran from the cops and he is explainingwhat just happened. That is so funny.	Meek Mill raps like he jus' run from the law, an' he's tellin' 'bout what jus' went down. Ain't that somethin' funny?
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE SOMEBODY ATE HIS LEFTOVER FOOD IN THE FRIDGE BUT THEY ALLSAYING THEY AIN'T DO IT"	Meek Mill raps like somebody ate his leftover food in the fridge but they are allsaying they didn't do it	Meek Mill raps like sombody gobbled up his unfinned food in the fridge but they's all claimin' they didn't do it.
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE SOMEBODY KEEP CUTTING HIM OFF IN THEMIDDLE OF HIS SENTENCE" CTFUUUUUUUUU	Meek Mill raps like somebody keeps cutting him off in themiddle of his sentence. I'm laughing so hard	Meek Mill rap like sombody keep interruptin' him right smack dab in the middle of his sentence. I's laughin' so doggone hard.
"aye ik yall niggaz heard dat pop dat dont stop song byfrenchy Montana WATCHU TWERKIN WIDDDD"	Hey, I know all you dudes heard that \"Pop Don't Stop\" song byFrenchy Montana. What are you dancing with	Hey y'all, I reckon most of you all heard that "Pop Don't Stop" tune by Frenchy Montana. What y'all cuttin' a rug to now?
so you can ignore me and go with the same people? lemmespare my own feelings "	So, you can ignore me and go with the same people? Let mespare my own feelings.	Well, I guess you can just disregard me and stick with the same crowd. I'll save myself the trouble.
Hope tomorrow hurry up and gets here. Can't eat or drink after midnightis going to kill me.	I hope tomorrow will hurry up and get here. I can't eat or drink after midnightit is going to kill me	I hopes tomorrow gon' get here in a hurry. I can't hardly eat or drink nothin' after midnight, it's gonna kill me.
I'm just wondering why you do have a Kentucky blue bike. They didn'thave a red one. Lol	I'm just wondering why you have a Kentucky blue bike. They didn'thave a red one. That's funny.	I'm jus' ponderin' why in the world you got yourself a Kentucky blue bicycle. Y'all didn't have no red one, neither. That's plumb hilarious.
Just lost respect for dicky v calling Arian foster a prostitutebad choice of words vitale	I just lost respect for Dicky V. Calling Arian Foster a prostitute?Bad choice of words, Vitale	I jus' lost me some respect fer Dicky V. Callin' Arian Foster a prositute? A real poor choice uh words, Vitale.
not sure if he smoking he denied it! But crack don't care who smokes it people havesaw the affects for years	I'm not sure if he's smoking. He denied it! But crack doesn't care who smokes it. People haveseen the effects for years	I ain't real sure if he's lightin' up a cigarette or somethin'. He swore up and down that he wasn't, but crack don't care none about who's usin' it. Folks have seen the consequences of it for years on end.
yea it's super sad especially when I see cats who use to sell it smoking manwhere did you go wrong	Yes, it's super sad, especially when I see people who used to sell it smoking it, friendwhere did you go wrong	Yeah, it's real heart-breakin', an' it's even more sad when I see folks who used to peddle that very same stuff huffin' on it, friend. I guess we all make mistakes sometimes.
Wondering what in the heck am i doing? What directions i need to take . Ready for Godto reveal somethings to me.	I am wondering, what am I doing? What directions I need to take. Ready for Godto reveal somethings to me	I'm ponderin', what in tarnation am I doin'? What path I needs to follow. Lordy, I's ready for Him to unveil some secrets to me.
i didnt ask 7 i figured she wasnt interested, but i text 9 and she may haveto work. She travels alot.	I didn’t ask seven. I figured she wasn’t interested, but I texted nine and she may have to work. She travels a lot.	I never asked seven 'bout it. I reckon she weren't intersted, but I texted nine an' she might hafta work. She travels around a heap.
Good morning. It's to early to be playin games like I'm a grown ass man to be dealin with lil ass kid shit soon that note swerve bitch	Good morning. It's far too early for me to deal with your issues, I am a grown man and I do not feel like dealing with all of this immaturity soin that regard, I would request you that you stop	Good mornin'. Now, it's way too early for me to be dealin' with your business. I'm a full-grown man and I don't feel like dealin' with all this immaturity. So, in that regard, I would kindly ask you to please stop.
Think I'm coming down with the flu. I hope I don'tend up in someone's ER	I think I'm coming down with the flu. I hope I don'tend up in someone's ER	I reckon I'm fixin' to get me the flu. I sure hope I don't wind up in nobody's emergency room.
I swear... All I do is fuckin work. I would killto have one Saturday off.!!!!!	I swear, all I do is fucking work. I would killto have one Saturday off	I swear, all I been doin's work, work, work. I'd give my left arm for one good ol' Saturday off.
I mean, you try to fuck ANY niccas girl but if a nicca like to many of your girlsstatus updates you get upset...	I mean, you try to fuck any guy's girl, but if a guy likes too many of your girl'sstatus updates, you get upset	I reckon, you go tryin' to mess with any fella's woman, but if a fella pays too much mind to your woman's status updates, you get riled up.
yea but not against bama and Nick saban. Saban my dude. He the type of coach who sayplay ball fuck everything else.	I have nothing against Alabama and Nick Saban. I can count on Saban. He is the type of coach who would say\"let's play ball, don't worry about anything else\"	I ain't got nothin' against Alabama or Nick Saban. I can depend on Saban. He's the sorta coach who'd say \"alrighty then, let's just go out there and play ball, don't you worry 'bout nothin' else\"
Idgaf wat a bitch or a nigga thank n fuck allat bstalkin kuz ya breff stank	I don't give a fuck what a bitch or a man think and fuck all that bullshittalking because your breath stink	I don't give a darn 'bout what no woman or man thinks, and I'm done with all that hogwash talkin'. Your breath reeks something fierce.
Yesterday I would have saw 2 boxes but 2 days I saw the 2eyes stepping my game up	Yesterday, I would have seen two boxes, but two days ago I saw the twoeye stepping my game up.	Yesterday, I reckon I would've seen two boxes, but two days ago, I seen the two-eyed one raisin' the stakes on my game.
I so need a monster combination in my life! Focus on thosebands that make u dance	I really need a monster combination in my life! Focus on thosebands that make you dance	I sure do need me a real power combo in my life! Pay attention to them bands that get your feet movin'!
I love u but if this shit wins the oscar u will thank me ... Cause u know the the weirder the movie themore likely it will win	I love you, but if this shit wins the Oscar, you will thank me. Because you know the weirder the movie, the more likely it will win	I do love ya, but if this here funny business takes home the Oscar, you'll be right grateful to me. Cause you knows, the quirkier the film, the more it's liable to win that prestigious award.
I never liked Gucci. now everybody sees the royal flop ness monster! He been weak. It shouldn't have taken his breakdownfor it 2 b known	I never liked Gucci. Now everybody can sees the \"Royal Flop Ness Monster\"! He has been bad, it shouldn't have taken his breakdownfor it to be known	I neber did care fer Gucci. Now ev'rybody can see the "Royal Flop Ness Monster"! He's bin awful, it shouddn't a took his downfall for it to be knowed.
Missed out on my whole lil "break" cause this broad grown ass in here sharpeningpencils like it's her job	Missed out on my whole first break because this woman was in here sharpeningpencils like it was her job	I missed out on my entire first break cause this lady was in here sharpenin' pencils like it was her job.
I miss hanging out with my boyfriend when its all fun no arguments or nothing the timesI cherish the most sometimes!!!	I miss hanging out with my boyfriend when it's fun and we don't argue. These are the timesI cherish the most	I do miss me and my boyfriend sittin' together, havin' us some good ol' fun without all them arguings. These moments right here is what I hold dearest.
Then off to my friend house I got some beer I'm about todrink till I pass out..	Then off to my friend's house. I got some beer. I am about todrink until I pass out.	Then I headed on over to my buddy's place. I brought me some brews. I'm fixin' to drink 'em all down till I pass out cold.
When I went to LA it was 8 blocks of homeless people and BeverleyHills was a block down..smh	When I went to L.A., it was 8 blocks of homeless people and BeverleyHlls was a block down... Shaking my head.	When I got to L.A., there were eight solid blocks of homeless folks, and Beverly Hills was just a block or two over... My head was shakin'.
My hair is bogus the gym really took its toll onit..it's sweated the fuck out	My hair is bogus. The gym really took its toll onit. It is sweated the fuck out.	My hair's something else, real bogus it is. The gym wore it down good. Sweat just beat the living daylights out of it.
Im about to do something big for Hip Hop in 2014. Just remember.DAY OF DESTRUCTION!!!! Game Over.	Im about to do something big for Hip Hop in 2014. Just remember, \"Day of Destruction, Game Over\	I'm fixin' to do somethin' real big for Hip Hop in the year of twenty fourteen. Just keep in mind, "Day of Destruction, Game Over."
I CELEBRATED 1 YEAR OF SOBRIETY ON SEPT 3. ON OCT 6, I'M GIVING BACK.. STAY TUNED FORDETAILS. I UNDERSTAND THE STRUGGLE!!!	I celebrated one year of sobriety on September 3rd. On October 6th, I'm giving back... Stay tuned fordetails. I understand the struggle	I reckon I hit the one-year mark of bein' sober on September 3rd. Come October 6th, I'll be payin' it forward... Keep an ear out for more info. I know what it's like to fight that battle.
A lot of the old school rappers are straight assholes. I would say names but why should I givethem any shine???? Fuckin idiots!!	A lot of the rappers from the past are basically unsavory. I would mention names, but why should I givethem any notoriety? They are foolish	A whole lotta them rapper folk from back in the day ain't exactly savory. I could be mentionin' some names, but why should I be givin' 'em no more notoriety than they already got? They is plain foolish.
I hat when a bitch txt me an ask me when I'm cme see her and I say u tel me and she say idk bitch why df u txt me forhoe fuck my whole day	I hate when a bitch texts me and asks me when I'm going to come see her, and I say, \"You tell me,\" and she says, \"I don't know.\" Bitch, why the fuck did you text me?Whore, fuck, my whole day is ruined	I can't stand it when a gal texts me and asks me when I'm gonna come visit her, and I tell her, "You tell me," and she says, "I don't know." Gal, why the hell did you text me? Lady, damn, my whole day is shot.
It kill me when hoe tryin play da Niggah job and da Relationship an her job at da same time ..lolno her Niggah a bitch	I can't believe it when a whore's trying to handle the man's job and the relationship and her job at the same time. That's funny;no, her man's a bitch	I can't believe it when a gal who works in the ol' pleasure business is tryin' to juggle a man's job and the relationship and her own job all at once. That's real funny, but no, that woman's man's actin' mighty suspicious.
It crazy why ppl say that gt sme good but 2week later tht fuckin that friend yea she a hoe Dnt kissher cuz that a hoe	It's crazy that people say that they have good sex, but two weeks later after fucking that friend, \"Yeah, she's a whore. Don't kissher because that's a whore.\	It's plumb nuts how some folks go around sayin' they had some real good lovin', but just two weeks later, after bangin' that friend, "Yeah, she's a harlot. Don't be kissin' her 'cause she's a harlot."
Bitches be claiming they holding they nigga down but while he not around fucking anythingin sight we see y'all"	Women are claiming they are keeping thier boyfriend, but while he is not present, they are having sex with anythingin sight. We see you all	Women are sayin' they got their man holdin' down the fort, but as soon as he's gone, they're jumpin' on anything in sight for some action. We sees ya all.
went to sleep at 10 now I'm up but I'm about toforce myself back to sleep	I went to sleep at 10, now I'm up, but I'm about toforce myself back to sleep	I went to bed at ten, now I'm wide awake, but I'm fixin' to make myself go back to sleep.
ok ill go today do I have to use it before I style my hair or can Iput it on it now	Ok, I'll go today. Do I have to use it before I style my hair or can Iput it on now	Alrighty then, I'm gonna go about it today. Now, do I hafta use it first 'fore I fix up mah hair, or can I put it on now?
This show is all about what you talked about with another bitch at anotherrestaurant or park. The fuck	This show is exactly within the context of what you spoke on with another woman at anotherrestaurant or park. What the heck	That there show fits right in with what you was talkin' 'bout with another gal at some other restaurant or park. I'll tell ya, it's somethin' else!
World war z was good. Didn't think it would end the way it did but it's getting me ampedup for The walking dead	\"World War Z\" was good. I didn't think it would end the way it did, but it's getting me really excitedfor \"The Walking Dead\"	"World War Z" was a real good one. I didn't figure it'd end the way it did, but it's sure got me pumped up for "The Walking Dead".
I really need a vacation. I haven't been to the beachat all this summer wtf	I really need a vacation. I have not been to the beachat all this summer. What the fuck	I sure do need me a vacay. I ain't been to the beach none at all this summah. Lordy, what the hell
- Misa always been FLY!!! Ahead of her Time- she created Ghetto Fabulous-- Stevo Don Diva Magazine	Misa has always been cool. She is ahead of ehr time. She created \"Ghetto Fabulous\"says Steco Don from Diva Magazine	Misa's always been the laid-back one. She's always way ahead of her self. She came up with that "Ghetto Fabulous" thing, says Steco Don from Diva Magazine.
yes!!! Thats a very touching song, it gives me chills errytime I hear it. I know big bruh smilindown on u:-) RIP Mel	Yes! That's a very touching song, it gives me chills every time I hear it. I know big brother is smiling down on you, Rest in Peace, Mel.down on you, Rest in Peace, Mel	Yessiree! That there's a powerful touchin' song, it sets my hair on end ev'ry time I hears it. I knows big brother's smilin' down on you, Rest in Peace, Mel.
Dez hoes fo anyone n they know it, it's just dez lames niggas who don't see, dez hoes some hood rats n they it, Iknow exactly where they be	Those women are not nice and they know it. They are lame and they don't realize that they are ruining their lives.I knew exactly where we would find them.	Those gals ain't got no manners and they knows it. They is real weak and they don't even comprehend that they is wreckin' their own lives. I knew right where we was gonna locate 'em.
THIS herd 2 kids was living that yolo life at electric zoo. yall betterdo like bran nubian and	This post. I heard there were 2 kids living that \"you only live once\" life at \"Electric Zoo\". You all betteract like Bran Nubian and	This here post. I heared tell of two little ones livin' it up, "you only live once," style at "Electric Zoo." Y'all better act like Black Star, Bran Nubian.
dude wtf lol IF YOU FUCK IN CHURCH YOU DONT NEED A RUBBA ,YOUR COVERED BY THE BLOOD"	Dude, what the fuck, that's hilarious. \"If you fuck in church you don't need a condom.You're covered by the blood.\	Dang it, what in tarnation, that's ticklin' my funny bone. "S'pose you're doin' the nasty in the house of God. Well, then, you don't need no rubber, 'cause you're already covered by that holy blood."
don't discriminate on us little folks Ppl under 5'5 are shifty. Got to keep an eye on themwhen they are around me."	Don't discriminate on us little folks. People under 5'5\" are shifty, have to keep an eye on themwhen they are around me	Don't treat us short people unfairly. Folks shorter than 5'5'' are sneaky, gotta watch 'em close when they're near me.
Im playing fantasy football with my job.. and I got the raven defense and rayrice… I'm getting points.. yesss!!	I am playing fantasy football with my job. I have the raven's defense and RayRice. I am getting points. Yes	I'm playin' that fantasy footbal' with my work-folks. I got the Raven's defense squad and Ray Rice on my team. I'm rackin' up them points, yessiree!
I was in health/gym when they took the towers out and my principal got on the intercom andgave a speech about terrorism	I was in health/gym when they took the towers out, and my principal got on the intercom andgave a speech about terrorism	I was at the doctor's or gym when they pulled down them towers, and my principal come on over the intercom and gave a talk about terrorism.
I be in the gym getting it in man.. When its all said and done twitter n instagram just gonna have to letme flourish in my nakedness	I will be in the gym getting it in, man... When its all said and done, Twitter and Instagram are just going to have to letme flourish in my nakedness	I'll be at the gym workin' on mah self, man... Once everything's been settled, Twitter and Insta'll just hafta let me grow and shine in my bare skin.
Talk to my student today about GTAV and I must say his description regarding interacting with the game hasme wanting to play it	I talked to my student today about Grand Theft Auto V, and I must say his description regarding interacting with the game hasmade me want to play it	I had a chat with my pupil 'bout Grand Theft Auto V, an' let me tell ya, his account of how he engages with that game has sure got me hankerin' to give it a spin.
I just read the funniest description of Chief keef "Keef, who has a mop top of noodling dreadlocks that hangpast his eyes shaggy-dog style	I just read the funniest description of Chief Keef. \"Keef, who has a mop top of noodling dreadlocks that hangpast his eye shaggy-dog style.\	I jus' read the funniest way them described Chief Keef. "Keef, he got a mop top fulla noodlin' dreadlocks that hang past his eyes, all shaggy-dog style."
Lmao bears fans harassed tony d on twitter like nigga getyour mind right and believe	That's funny; Bears fans harassed Tony D on Twitter, saying, \"Man, get\"your thoughts in order and believe.\	That's a hoot; them Bears fans was givin' it to Tony D on Twitter, sayin', "Man, git your thoughts straight and have faith."
So how many of you culture snob niggas gonna change your opinion about Yeezus afterseeing that interview now huh?	So, how many of you culture snob guys are going to change your opinionabout Yeezus afterseeing that interview now, huh	So, how many y'all highfalutin' gents are gonna shift your stance 'bout Yeezus right here, huh?
hopefully its just the quality that threw me off but he also should have waited until next year esp afterthe dope ness of 1	Hopefully, it's just the quality that threw me off, but he also should have waited until next year, especially afterhow great one was	I hope it's just the poor quality what made me doubt, but he really oughta held off till next year. That one was something else
European wine just taste diff man… I was over there a month and a half and drank daily at random and neverhad any bad tasting wine	European wine simply tastes different. I was over there for a month and a half and drank daily at random and neverhad any horrible tasting wine	European wine got a different taste to it. I spent near about a month an' a half over yonder, drinkin' every day, pickin' at random, an' never had me a bottle that tasted awful.
It totally threw me for a loophole when it came to whatI thought was my preference	It completely threw me for a loophole when it came to whatI thought was my preference.	It totally took me by surprise and left me stumblin' when I thought I had my preferences all figured out.
Straight cooln.....in relax mode....this cd is the truth......you got down on this one....... I lovekmichelle cause she so real	Straight cooling, in relax mode. This CD is the truth. You have got down on this one. I lovekmichelle because she is so real.	This here CD do the straight chillin'. Settin' back in easy mode. Truth be told, you hit the nail on the head with this one. I'm all about what's real, and that's why I lovekmichelle.
Rip Antonio I miss you, that shit crazy how you left so soon,save me a spot ♡	Rest in peace, Antonio, I miss you. That stuff is crazy how you left so soon,save me a spot.	R.I.P., Antonio, I sure do miss ya. That there's some real nuts how you up and left us so sudden, save me a seat.
Showing of for twitter tht sht bigg dead cuh yu gone be feeling some type of way when I say Im donewth yo goofy asssz .!	Showing off for Twitter. That shit is so old, man you are going to be feeling some type of way when I say \"I'm donewith your goofy ass!\"	Showin' off for Twitter. That business is so outdated, man you is gonna be feelin' somethin' kinda funny when I tell ya "I'm done with your silly self!"
I have an idea..they accept the $3m deal and just give methe $500k they disagree on	I know, they just accept the three million dollar contract, and give methe five hundred thousand they can't decide on	I know it, them folks go 'head an' take that three million dollar deal. But they can't seem to agree on what to do with them five hundred thousand dollars they got left over.
What If I Tell U That I Love U But I Got Otha Dudes . && When Im Not With U ImWith My Otha MOVES .	Whaf if I tell you that I love you but I’ve got other dudes, and when I’m not with you, I’m with my other MOVES.	What if I told you I loves you something fierce, but I've got me other fellas too? And when I ain't with you, I'm with them? That's the way it is with my MOVES.
Going through old DM and shit on twitter thinking to myself I wasa freak lol back then	Going through old direct message and shit on Twitter, thinking to myself; \"I wasa freak, haha\" back then	Sittin' here goin' through them old direct messages and whatnot on Twitter. Reminiscing, I thought to myself; "Lawd, I was a wild one, hehe" back then.
My favorite songs from Dreamgirls are Move, We Are A Family, IAm Changing, Patience, and Dreamgirls.	My favorite songs from Dreamgirls are; \"Move\", \"We Are A Family\", \"IAm Changing\", \"Patience\", and \"Dreamgirls\"	My favored tunes from Dreamgirls be: "Move", "We Are A Family", "I'm Been Changin'", "Patience", and "Dreamgirls"
I wish I had more hands so I could give all thesefootball posts more thumbs downnn	I wish I had more hands so I could give all of thesefootball posts more \"thumbs down\"	I do wish I had me some more hands, so I could go and give all these here football posts a good ol' "thumbs down" instead of just a few.
What the deuce. .. I hate the smell of spray tan...this shit gots ta go.	What the deuce? ... I hate the smell of spray tan...This stuff has to go	What in tarnation? ... I can't abide the stench of spray tan...This hooey needs to be scrapped.
Lucky I ain't have to grow there I would only go there cuz it'sniggas that I know there	I'm lucky I don't have to live there, I would only go there because it's thepeople that I know there	I'm blessed not havin' to reside therе, I'd only visit 'cause it's the folks I know thar.
I Wanna A Sew In Now.. So I Can Flip AndSwerve Ahaha Im Funny Af	I want a \"Sew In\" now, so I can flip andswerve. Ahaha, I'm funny as fuck	I wanna get me a "Sew In" right now, so I can flip and swerve. Hahaha, I'm funnier'n a barrel of monkeys.
Goin to schnucks to gt every flavor 32oz power-aid 2/$1 lol judge me..but u probably want one	I'm going to \"Schnuck's\" to get every flavor of 32 ounce Power-Aid. Two for $1, haha, judge me,but you probably want one	I'm headin' over to "Schnuck's" to pick up every single flavor of the 32 ounce Power-Aid containers. Two for a dollar, haha, go ahead and judge me, but I reckon you might wanna have one yourself.
Feeling dwn ..but this chocolate cupcake is gona make me smile :) lol judgeme all u want !	Feeling said, but this chocolate cupcake is going to make me smile. I'm joking. Judgeme all you want	Feel what I'm sayin', but this here chocolaty cupcake is fixin' to put a grin on my face. I'm just kiddin'. Judge me all you want.
Dude plz dnt say anything ignorant to me ..ur the one who looks silly smh I cant live inpeace in the world lol	Dude, please don't say anything ignorant to me. You're the one who looks silly. I'm shaking my head. I can't live inpeace in the world. I'm laughing	Dang it, buddy, don't go spoutin' any dumb stuff at me. You're the one lookin' foolish. I'm just shakin' my head. I can't even find peace in this here world. I'm just laughin'.
I can't believe that the Bravo network didn't bleep finger when he flipped Madison thebird on that photo taken.	I can't believe that the Bravo network didn't censor the finger when he flipped Madison thebird when that photo was taken	I can't believe the Bravo network didn't cover up that finger when he gave Madison the bird in that there picture.
be sure to bring it by the crib 1 day during the week so I canbe the only 1 here	Mke sure to bring it by the house during the day so I will be the only one present	Make sure you bring it over to my place in the daytime, so I'll be the lone one there.
Some of you or all of you might not read this but my dream is to make it within the pros and hopefully withme live streaming it'll help	Some or all of you might not read this, but my dream is to make it to the professional league, and hopefully withme live-streaming it, it should help	Some of y'all might not read this, but my dream is to make it to the pro leagues, and maybe with me livestreamin' it, it should help.
Statistic show that 99/ 100 men who text back K getfriend zone by a woman	Statistics show that 99 out of 100 men who text back \"okay\" getsfriendzoned by a woman	Statistics say that near about 99 outta every 100 fellas who text back "alright" or "okay" gets friendzoned by a gal.
Why does my last day of work before vacation have to be so damn stressful im going to need a goodas massage after thid day...	Why does my last day of work before vacation have to be so stressful? I am going to need a goodmassage after this day	Why in tarnation does my last work day before my vacay hafta be so dang stressful? Lawd, I'm gonna need me a powerful massage after this here day.
Confession Thursdays: if ur ass had a 100 bill in it, could I give you changeto go wit it lol	Confession Thursdays: If you're ass had a $100 bill on it, could I give you changeto go with it? I'm laughing	Confession Thursdays: If your behind had a hundred dollar bill on it, could I hand you some change to go along with it? I'm just tickled.
man Turn Up.. dm who you gotta to be non angry..that shitcauses gray hairs and wrinkles	Man, wait, direct message someone that doesn't make you angry. That'scauses gray hairs and wrinkles	Man, hold up, shoot a private message to somethin' that don't rattle ya. That business causes gray hairs and wrinkles.
going to Charlotte for the day Saturday. But ill be here tonight. I needto find something to do	I’m going to Charlotte for the day Saturday. But I’ll be here tonight. I needto find something to do.	I's headin' to Charlotte for one whole day, it's gonna be Saturday. But I'll be back here tonight. I reckon I better find me somethin' to do.
Aww, look at me trying to stay loyal asf & Niggaskeep talking to me !!	Aww, look at me trying to stay loyal as fuck and guys keep talking to me!	Aww, look at me, tryin' to stay loyal as all get out, but the fellas just keep hittin' on me!
Music stimulates your brain's frontal lobe, increasing your attention span & ability toprocess explains alot about peers	Music stimulates your brain's frontal lobe, increasing your attention span & ability toprocess. Explains a lot about peers	Music sets off your brain's frontal lobe, extending your focus and enhancin' your capacity to comprehend. Ain't that the truth 'bout some folks?
I need a big bottle of patron. And a bag oflimes... Ill be all set	I need a big bottle of Patron and a bag oflimes, and I'll be all set	I needs me a big ol' bottle of Patron and a sack of limes, and I'll be good to go.
Sometimes a person don't know a good thing even if it was toslap them in the face!	Sometimes a person doesn't know a good thing that happening to them even if it Hit them in the face	At times, a person might not realize they got something good goin' for 'em, even if it smacks 'em right in the kisser.
Miley Cyrus is campaigning for that black card and that line from Jay wasa boost to her ego.	Miley Cyrus is campaigning for that black card, and that line from Jay wasa boost to her ego	Miley Cyrus is workin' real hard to get herself that there black card, and that little somethin' from Jay-Z gave her self-confidence a big ol' lift.
Some people in this world hate others for no reason that'swhy I say fuck em	Some people in this world hate others for no reason. That'swhy I say, \"fuck them\"	Some folks in this here world just can't stand others for no good reason at all. That's why I always say, "fuck 'em"
I hate when my nigga spend the night I'm always no sleep game dating fatniggas Tuh damn stop snoring	I hate when my friends spend the night- I'm prefer having no sleep, dating fatpeople that don't ever damn stop snoring	I can't stand it when my pals stay over - I'd rather go without shut-eye, than date them big ol' folks that never seem to quit snorin'.
Ok enough of this jay z .. Let me play this newjuicy j track real quick	Ok, enough of this Jay Z.. let me play this newJuicy J track real quick.	Alrighty then, I've had about enough of this here Jay Z... Now lemme give this new Juicy J tune a spin, real quick-like.
If Zimmerman walks, black people will be mad 2 days then will forget all about it.Fake ass civil rights activist	If Zimmerman walks, black people will be mad for two days then forget all about it.Fake civil rights activists	If Zimmerman gets off, colored folks is gonna be pissed for two days then forget all about it. Ain't no real civil rights activists around here though.
I am not about to let the past repeat itself..... ugh the ShitI have to go through...	I am not going to let the past repeat itself... ugh, the stuff I have to go through..	I ain't gonna let the past keep on repeatin'... yuck, the junk I gots to deal with.
I Don't Care Bout Nothing But Me And My Money, We Never Breaking Up. It's Team US. No OneWill Ever Come Between US.	I don't care about anything but me and my money. We're never breaking up. We're a team. No onewill ever come between us	I don't give a hoot 'bout nothin' but me an' mah money. We ain't never gonna split up. We's a team. No one's ever gonna come between us.
Then they want u to b committed"same thing with these young boys thoughbut they lie about it	Then they want you to be committed, the same thing with the children, thoughthey lie about it	Then they're tryin' to make you stick around, the same goes for the kids, but they fib about that.
Pitt defense is trash. Not taking anything away from Winston but hell I prollycould throw on they defense	Pitt’s defense is trash. I’m not taking anything away from Winston, but hell, I couldprobably throw on their defense.	Pitt's defense ain't worth a lick. I ain't takin' nothin' away from Winston, but dang it, I reckon I could probably put on their defense.
and lame as fuck! Except Leroy, u can tell he a real nigga,even CT wants no problems	...and lame as fuck, except for Leroy, you can tell that he is a tough,even CT doesn't want any problems	...and about as useless as tits on a boar hog, except for Leroy. You can tell that he's a rough and tumble fella, even CT don't wanna mess with him.
two Wands max 3 if u on good behavior I will be carrying all cash andcards for both ... Lol	2 wands, maximum of 3 if your behavior is good. I will be carrying all the cash and cards for both of us... haha	Two sticks, no more than three if you're bein' real good. I'll be carryin' all the money and credit cards for both of us... hehe.
I see y'all tryin to get blazed !!!but y'all ain't even try to offer nobody none,the saying is "puff puff giveMOTHER***** and get high !!	I see you guys trying to get intoxicated but you guys aren't even offering anybody else any. The saying is \"puff, puff, givesomeone and get high\"	Y'all are tryin' to get yourselves drunk, but none of y'all are sharin' with nobody else. The way it goes is «blow, blow, give someone some and get high»
Ughhhhhh I wanna go to my bestfwenddd funeral but I don't have no way... Sleep Tight See yousoon or later: ( R.I.p	This is frustrating. I want to go to my best friend's funeral but I don't have a way. Sleep tight. See yousoon or later. Rest in peace	This here's sure frustratin'. I'd really like to make it to my best friend's funeral, but I just can't seem to find a way. Well, sleep tight. I'll be seein' ya soon or later. Rest in peace to your best friend.
placing the blame on others other than looking in mirror is alil unhealthy...everyonebeing wrong instead of self?	Placing the blame on others rather than looking in the mirror is a little unhealthy... everyoneelse being wrong instead of yourself	Pointin' the finger at others as opposed to lookin' at your own reflection ain't exactly healthy... everybody else bein' wrong instead of yourself.
I got the biggest smile on my face because of you and all yo beautifulness justbeing all beautiful and stuff.#saturdayromance	I got very happy seeing you and your physical attractiveness justbeing very pretty and things. #saturdayromanc	I was real pleased as punch seein' you an' your purty self just lookin' mighty fine and all. #saturdayromance
Chris Tucker might be on da buttas bc u cant still be funny for allthese yrs. He got tendencies.	Chris Tucker might be on drugs because there's no way he can still be funny for allthese years. He's got tendencies	Chris Tucker might be under the influence of somethin', 'cause I tell ya, there ain't no way he can still be makin' folks laugh all these years. He's got some quirks.
Can't we all just get along?? There's enough room for everyone. I stay in my own lane. So why arethey still worried?? Never Ends	Can't we all just get along? There's enough room for everyone. I keep to myself and I mind my own business. So why arethey still worried? It never ends	Can't us all jus' get along? There's plenty of space fer everybody. I keeps to mahself an' I minds mah own business. So why they still frettin'? It neva ends.
My lil vacay was much needed! My mind didn't run AS much...nowit's back to becoming a	My little vacation was much needed! My mind didn't run AS much...nowit’s back to becoming a -	My li'l vacay was sure needed! Ain't my mind been runnin' as much...but now it's back to becomin' a real handful again.
But for real tho....if I find the nicca who brought Svedka to my cribima kick they ass out.	But in reality though, if I find the person who brought Svedka to my house,I will kick their ass out	But the truth is, if I come across the individual what brought Svedka to my house, I'll give 'em the boot.
Leave me the f**ck alone thats what you better do..funerals stay on schedule.. I don't even care about thecharges ,if they ain't federal!	Leave me the f*ck alone. That’s what you better do..funerals stay on schedule.. I don't even care about thecharges if they’re not federal!	Leave me the hell alone. That's what you better do. Funerals got to stay on schedule. I don't even care 'bout them charges if they ain't federal!
I need a sugar daddy!" they take good care of u "that's Wht I hear! Shit	I need a sugar daddy! They take good care of you.That's what I hear! Shit	I sure do need me a generous ol' man by my side! He treats ya right, that's for sure! That's the rumor anyways... Damn!
Why would you be screaming for your life and your armed and he's not...thatmakes no sense to me	Why would you be screaming for your life when you're armed and the other person isn't... thatdoesn't make any sense to me	I don't understand why you'd be hollerin' for your life when you've got a gun and the other fella ain't... that just don't add up in my book.
CBS I would hope that Big Bro would do everything in its power to get ridof this RACIST AARYN girl.	I would hope that CBS would do everything in its power to get ridof this racist girl named Aaryn	I'd reckon CBS would try real hard to fire this here racist gal named Aaryn.
the best one is her and her sister got the same baby daddy.And aint een know it!	The best one is that her and her sister have the same baby’s daddy and don’t even know it!	The best part 'bout it is that her and her sister got the same baby's daddy and don't even know it!
Nothing more disappointing than having the feeling of major shits. Running to bathroom. Covering seat and nothing butloud ass gas comes out	There's nothing more disappointing than having the feeling to use the bathroom. Running to the bathroom. Covering the seat and having nothing butgas comes out	Ain't nothin' more disappoin' than feelin' like you gotta go to the bathroom. Rushin' to the bathroom. Sittin' down and coverin' the seat, only for nothin' but gas to come out.
Sooo all the ppl that worked for Securitas been let go from CTA huh? Where all the "badbitches" gonna work now? Lol	So all of the people that worked for Secuitas have been laid off from CTA. Where will thesehardworking people going to work now. Ha ha ha	All them folks what worked for Secuitas have been let go from CTA. Where's these good ol' hardworkin' folks gonna end up workin' now? Hee hee hee.
How You Got A Nigga Wit A Wheel But Ya Ass On The Broad Street Line Ya Pussy Must Not Be ThatGood For A Car Ride	How do you have a man with a car but you are still on broad street, you must not be good enough for a car ride	To have a fella with a car an' all, but still be sittin' on Broad Street, you must not be doin' right by that car ride.
I'm not sure the storyline will go that way, but who knows. There is always twistsand turns on that show	I'm not sure that the storyline will go that way, but who knows? There are always twistsand turns on that show	I ain't too certain 'bout that storyline headin' that way, but who knows? That there show always got some surprises with twists and turns.
Ppl without responsibility or don't have nothing to lose will pull u down" try to anyway !!!	People without responsibility or have nothing to lose will pull you downand try to anyway	Folks without no accountability or nothin' to lose'll drag you down an' try to do it every chance they gets.
For the record Bruhz CAN'T HOOP! Also Techies are socially awkward. I have accepted both sterotypes althothey don't apply 2 me	For the record, people can't play basketball. Also, techies are socially awkward. I have accepted both stereotypes, although they don't apply to me	Now listen here, folks can't be playin' basketball neither. And them tech-folks, they're real socially awkward. I've come to terms with both of those stereotypes, even if they don't apply to little ol' me.
Like ya don't understand no matter how much bs we go through thismy straight nigga 4real 4real	Most people will never know how much turmoil my friend and i go throughmy straight n word for real for rea	Most folks won't never know just how much commotion my buddy and I go through. My friend is straight, and I ain't kiddin' or jokin'. For real, for real.
I have heard some ppl (women) try to say a 3some was 2 guys and 1gal...but ok cool...clear now sir.	I have heard that women think a threesome is 2 guys and 1 girl but its ok, its clear now	I've been told that ladies believe a threesome is 2 gals and 1 guy, but never mind, I get it now.
I miss the early 2000's defenses and I want to seethem again. Should be nice.	I miss the early 2000's defenses and I want to seethem again. It should be nice	I sure do miss them old school defenses from around the year 2000. It'd be real pleasant to see 'em once more.
Relationships end because once they have you, they stop doing the things that it took to getyou in the first place.true!	Relationships end because once they have you, they stop doing the things that it took to getyou in the first place. True!	Relationships ends 'cause once they got ya, they quit doin' what they did to get ya in the first place. That's right!
Think I'm bout to go order this 2 $20 with anappetizer just for myself" greedy	I think I’m about to go order this 2 for $20 with anappetizer just for myself. I’m greedy.	I reckon I'm fixin' to head out and get me a 2-fer-one deal for $20, comes with an appetizer all for myself. I'm hankerin' for it.
U eva see a mog in a car and ur 1st thought is "I hope dats hisbaby momma whip"? No? Nvm	have you ever seen a dude in a car and your first thought is \"I hope thats hischild's mothers car\"? right? never min	ya'll ever seen a guy in a vehicle, and your initial thought be like, "I sure hope that's his kid's mama's car"? Right? Never mind.
Sustainability is sooo SEXY! Not a lifestyle but a way oflife for those with style.	Sustainability is so SEXY! It’s not a lifestyle, but a way of life for those with style	Sustainability's real purty! Ain't no trend, but a livin' for them what's got class.
Im ready to eat mean while im on a mission to find ppl who want tobe models for my hw	I'm ready to eat. I mean, while I'm on a mission to find people who want tobe models for my homework	I'm all set to chow down. I reckon that, while I'm out scourin' for folks who wanna be models for my schoolwork.
If u gone be my ole lady we RIDE R DIE them hoes cross you illl jump off anhit one in the eye.	If you are going to be my girlfriend then you should know, I always have your back! If a girl bothers you i will step up andput them in their place	If you're gonna be my gal, you oughta know, I'll always stand by ya! If some gal's givin' you trouble, I'll come defend ya and put 'em in their rightful place.
Lmaoooo !!! One day ima flame Jordan soo good ...he gon let meoff with it ..one day	I’m laughing my ass off! One day I’m gonna flame Jordan so good...he’s gonna let me off with it..one day.	I'm laughin' mah butt off! One of these days, I'm gonna give Jordan such a burnin'...he's gonna let me slide with it...one of these days.
Hi I'm dejhanae love 101it is so fun to be on tweet and tanks for all of it andbey form dejhanae love 101	Hi I'm Dejhanae Love 101. It is so fun to be on Twitter, and thanks for all of it from Dejhanae Love 101	Howdy, I'm Dejhanae Love 101. It's a real hoot to be tweatin' and such. Much obliged for all of this here from Dejhanae Love 101.
Everytime I get Chinese, I like the first five bites then Iwanna throw the rest away	Everytime I get Chinese, I like the first five bites then I want to throw the rest awa	Every time I gets me some Chinese food, I likes the first five bites but then I wants to toss the rest away.
And you "I cant wait till shit blows over so I can get back to jokes and bullshit..." types arereally irking my damm soul	And the people who say, \"I can't wait until shit blows over so I can get back to jokes and bullshit,\" are really irking my damn soul	An' them folks what say, "Ain't nobody gonna tell me when that mess is gonna blow over so I can go back to crackin' jokes and bullshittin'," is really gettin' on my last nerve.
Don't invite me over your house if you don't have AC.."realshit imastand yo ass up everytime	Don't invite me over to your house if you don't have air conditioning. Seriously, I'm going tolet you down every time	Don't ask me to come on over to your place if y'all ain't got no air conditionin'. I mean it, I'll be lettin' ya down every single time.
lol. Lol,! Yu so silly ! You needs be picking some ofthese THOTS new weave !	Laugh out loud, laugh out loud you are so sill you need to be picking some of the sluts new hai	ROFL, ROFL you're actin' real foolish now, you better go pick out some of them new hairs of yours.
Off work. Budweiser connect called with a bunch of free beer. I don't drink that shit anymore butu can't beat free! Lol	Just got off work.  The guy who gives me Budweiser for a good price called in saying he has some free beer.  I dont drink that shit anymore butYou can not say no to something that is free! Laugh out lou	Jus' finished mah shift. The fella what gives me them cheap Budweisers called, claimin' he got some free beer. Ain't been drinkin' that rotgut lately butYou can't turn down somethin' that's free! Laugh out loud!
that's just my due date only 4% women have their babies on the actual due day,im just readyfor him to be out	That’s just my due date. Only 4% of women have their babies on the actual due date. I’m just readyfor him to be out.	That's jus' my due date. Ain't but 4% of womens havin' their babes on the actual due date. I's jus' ready for him to be out an' all.
Confession Thursdays: I like sexy ankles and I can not lie. If you got ugly ones pleaae do not applyLmao. *song in my head	Confession Thursdays: I like sexy ankles and I cannot lie. If you have ugly ones, please do not apply-I'm laughing my ass off. This is from a song playing in my head	Confession Thursdays: I takes a likin' to some sexy ankles and I can't fib. If y'all got ugly ones, please don't come knockin'. I'm just over here laughin' my fool head off. This here's from a song playin' in mine.
World of Tanks Xbox360 beta is alot of fun, but so far its much more simple then the PC.hopefullythis just for the beta.	World of Tanks Xbox 360 Beta is a lot of fun, but so far it's much more simple than the PC. Hopefullythis is just for the beta	The World of Tanks Xbox 360 Beta is real enjoyable, but it's been mighty straightforward so far. I sure hope this is just for the beta and things'll get more complex later on.
hey if ya talented u will always have a job in my eyes...or am I taking supplyand demand theory 2 far?	If you’re talented you will always have a job in my eyes...or am I taking supplyand demand theory too far?	If you got yourself some talent, you'll never be out of a job in my book...or maybe I'm reachin' a bit with that supply and demand theory?
EXACTLY my point!!! GZ himself said on the 911 tape "he's running now". TM was afraid & running awayfrom GZ. Also GM told	EXACTLY my point!!! GZ himself said on the 911 tape “he’s running now”. TM was afraid and running away from GZ. Also, GM told -	Exactle what I'm sayin'!!! GZ himself stated on that 911 call "he's booked it now". TM was all scared and runnin' from GZ. Furthermore, GM declared -
These kids are picking up on my vibe I gotta find away to turn this around...	These kids are picking up how I feel, I have to find a way to turn this around	These younguns is pickin' up on my feelings, I reckon I gotta figure out a way to change things around here.
I feel so dead without my phone but finally got some music soim managing time without it	I feel so dead without my phone, but finally got some music, soI'm managing my time without it	I feels like I'm not livin' without mah phone, but I finally got me some tunes, so I's learnin' to manage mah time without it.
Got me like dam, where my homies Fuck it, it's jusme.. Can't hold me back	I'm telling myself, \"damn, where my friends fuck it, it's justme. Can't hold me back.\	I'm tellin' myself, "dang, where my buddies be, huh? It's just me. Can't nobody keep a good ol' boy like me down."
I just suddenly got the craving for chilli cheese fries afterseeing a picture on facebook	I suddenly have a craving for chili cheese fries afterseeing a picture on Facebook.	All of a sudden, I'm hankerin' for some chili cheese fries after seein' a pic of 'em on Facebook.
If I call ur phone how u dont answer but text were they do thatat lls" lol they busy	If I call your phone how come you don't answer, but text- where you say\"laughing like shit\". I'm laughing- they're busy	If I give y'all a call on the phone, why ain't y'all answerin', but textin' instead? Y'all sayin' "laughin' like shit" - I's laughin'. They's just too busy.
Just booked deb for her charger I told her I was coming back downhere today yea aight lol	I just tricked Deb to give me her charger. I told her I was coming back downhere today. Yeah right. That's funny	I jus' fooled Deb into givin' me her charger. Told her I was comin' back up here in this place today. Hee-haw! That's a good one!
kaman cant protect the rim tho, they should shoot for a younger bigwho main focus is defense.	Kaman can't guard the basket though, they should try to get a younger guywho's main focus is defense	Kaman ain't able to guard the hoop none, they oughta try to find a younger fella who's all focused on playin' defense.
I hear him in the background talkin I jus put a big ass coolaid smile on my face	I can hear him in the background talking and it just put a big kool-aid smile on my face	I can hear him way back yonder talkin', and it jus' made me break out in one them big ol' Kool-Aid grins.
I Have Another 3 Bed Room House Brand New Everything Section 8Ready Inbox If Your Interested!!	I have another 3 bedroom house,  entirely brand new. Section 8is ready- contact me if you are interested	I got another whole new 3 bedder house, just waitin' for ya. Section 8 is all set up - give me a holler if you're keen.
7venCity LIVE 4th of July Hookah Bash at Midnight Kings (318 N. Charles St) Powered by X105.1 Radio- Ladies free before 11	7venCity LIVE 4th of July Hookah Bash, Midnight Kings, 318 N. Charles St. Powered by X105.1 Radio.Ladies are free before 11:00 PM	7venCity LIVE 4th of July Hookah Bash, Midnight Kings, 318 N. Charles St. Powered by X105.1 Radio.Ladies is free before 11:00 PM.
This juror is pissing me off. She clearly sympathizes with the ignorant belief thatall black people look "suspicious".	This juror is making me angry. She clearly sympathizes with the ignorant belief thatall black people look \"suspicious\"	This here juror is makin' me mad. She's plain as day showin' sympathy for them ignorant beliefs that all black folks look "suspicious."
If someone tries to constantly break u dwn ..wat does tht mean !? U envy me or jealous ..ion boast noram I ignorant ..idk .....	If someone is constantly trying to break you down, what does that mean? I'm not sure if they are envious or jealous. I am not pompous nor am I ignorant.	If sombody's always tryin' to make ya feel bad, what's that all about? I ain't sure if they're jelly or envyin'. I don't go around actin' high and mighty, nor am I a simpleton.
What's up with this Mia girl? Is she a crack head? I need for them to revealthat on the show ASAP	What is up with Mia? Is she an idiot? I need to learnthat on the show as soon as possible	What in tarnation is goin' on with Mia? Is she plum stupid? I gotta figure that out on the show right quick.
I would be you know how y'all act so good look oryou jut make it yourself	I would be, you guys are aware of the manner that you carry yourselves, so thanks for looking out or,you can just make it yourself	I'd be reckonin', y'all know how you go about carryin' yourselves. So, thank y'all for lookin' out. But if y'all just want to make it yourself, then go right ahead.
Fuk wit me wrong take me out my zone n ill nock the mutha fukin snow off of yo cone my niggas man itstank in this bitch mus	If you fuck with me wrong, and take me out of my zone, I'll knock the motherfucking snow off of your cone, my pals. Man, itstinks in this bitch	If you mess with me in a bad way, and disrupt my groove, I'll knock the mama-jama snow right off your frosted tip, y'all. Dang, it sure is stinky in here.
i want to know what is going on in the world, but all the news cares about is thisbaby. get over it already.	I want to know what is going on in the world, but all the news cares about is thisbaby. Get over it already	I wanna know what's happenin' in the world, but all them news folks can talk about is this here baby. Quit your carryin' on 'bout it already.
Lmao I'm on a drought so the next nigga that I have sex with, WE GO TOGETHER cause I ain'tWith the drought life "	Laughing my ass off. I'm in a drought, so the next black person I have sex with will become monogamous with me because I'm notin agreement with with a drought-style life	I'm laughin' so hard I could pee my pants! But I'm goin' through a dry spell, so the next black person I have sex with is gonna stick by me, monogamous-like, 'cause I ain't agreein' with this drought-style livin'.
Over this designer talk on my time line....you buying that shit off of acrack head it's voided G.	I’m over this designer talk on my timeline..... you’re buying that shit off of a crackhead. It’s voided.	I'm tired of all this highfalutin' designer jabber on my feed.... You're gonna buy that junk from some crackhead sellin' it on the corner. It's no good, it's been voided.
It is not America's duty to intervene in other counties civilwars. Obama needs to chill	It is not America's duty to interven in other countries civilwars. Obama needs to relax and calm down	It ain't America's job to stick their nose in other nations' civil wars. Obama needs to take it easy and cool down.
yeah I kno So Jalen was doing the line to and I hope they dnt give yu nothin long hopefully they doyu how they did Jewanna	Yes, so I know So Jalen was doing the line too, and I hope that they didn't give you anything for long. Hopefully they do,you know how they did for Jewanna	Yessiree, I knows So Jalen was hoppin' on that line too. I sure hopes they didn't give you any ol' thing for too long. I reckon they did, though. You know how they did it for Jewanna.
Any OC that calls a running play up the middle on third and longshould not be coaching FB	Any Offensive Coordinator that calls a running play up the middle on third and longshould not be coaching football.	Any Offensive Coach that calls a runnin' play straight down the middle on third and a long distance, shouldn't be coachin' footbal.
Omw to My doc visit better have good news I can'ttake no more bad news	On my way to my doctor visit I hope I have some good news I can nottake anymore bad new	On my way to see the doctor, I'm hopin' I got some good news coming my way. Can't take much more of them bad news.
Yet Again Didn't Do Shit For My Bday Man This Shit So Fuckin Crazy Everything I Wanna Do Mfers Can't Help Or Join In ButFuck Yal I'm Good .	I didnt do much again for my birthday its crazy.  Everything I want to do includes friends who are unable to assist me or join but,Fuck you all I will be okay	I didn't do much agin for my birthday, it's nuts. Everythang I wanna do involves friends who can't help me out or join in, but, Fuck all y'all, I'll be alright.
The point is 100$ is a big difference to a lot of people and many don't carefor kinect or want it.	The point is $100 is a hug difference to a lot of people and a lot of them don't care for an xbox kinect or want it	The important thing is that a hundred dollars is a big deal to many folks, and plenty of 'em don't take kindly to an Xbox Kinect or want it at all.
Wheres the farmers market in Como? I need some fresh greens in mylife."u aint bout that life	Where’s the farmers market in Como? I need some fresh greens in mylife. You’re not about that life.	Where's the farmers market at Como? I gotta have me some fresh veggies in my business. Ain't nobody got time for that.
Good Morning. God's plan for your life far exceeds the circumstancesof your day. Be Blessed.	Good morning. God's plan for your life goes beyond the circumstancesof your day. Be blessed	Good mornin'. The Lord's plan for your life is greater than the happenings of this here day. May you be blessit'.
Man I remember my homeboy burst in an abandon house whensome crack heads were fucking.....	Man, I remember my friend infiltrated an abandoned house whensome drug addicts were having se	Man, I recollect my buddy sneaked into an old house when some druggies was havin' a [get together? party?] there.
New haven strap hangers are rude an obnoxious. No one offers a pregnant woman aseat on a train! Assholes.	New Haven strap hangers are rude and obnoxious. No one offers a pregnant woman aseat on a train! Assholes.	Folks usin' the straps on them trains in New Haven ain't got no manners nor respect. Nobody's offerin' a seat to a pregnant lady neither! Ain't that some bullshit?
People claim they want to work and need jobs but dont take the job when youcall them. So fuckin stupid	People claim that they want to work, and they need jobs, but don't take the job when youcall them, it's stupid	Folks keep sayin' they hanker to work, and they's claimin' they require jobs. But when you call 'em 'bout a job, they don't take it. That's plumb foolish.
Finally up from my nap, guess i will go hang with my moms until turnup time with my girlies	I’m finally up from my nap. I guess I will go hang with my mom until turnup time with my girlies.	I's sure am awake now from my siesta. Guess I'll go on over and spend some time with my mama, until it's time for me to turn up with my gal pals.
Eet yellow bone thank i call her honey mustard that damn lilwayne crazy as a bih	Eat yellow bone. I think I call her Honey Mustard, that damn LilWayne, crazy as a bitch	I reckon I'd eat me some yellow yonder. I believe I'd name her Honey Mustard. Lord have mercy on us, that wild LilWayne is something else, crazier than a wet hen.
I have tried it and while not the easiest thing I have done realized it can be solooking forward to the challenge	I tried it, and while not the easiest thing I have done, I realized it can be easy, soI'm looking forward to the challenge	I gave it a shot, and it ain't been the most straightforward thing I ever did, but I come to find out that it don't always have to be hard. So, I'm all geared up for the challenge now.
I think I'm gonna go through my clothes again on Friday and see what I can sell.I need room and space	I think I'm gonna go through my clothes again on Friday and see what I can sell.I need space	I reckon I'ma go through them clothes of mine once more on Friday and see what I can pawn off. I's runnin' outta room here.
If u love a girl just get her pregnant. She might not stop being a Hoe but at least she'llhave to text u back"	If you love a woman just get her pregnant.  She might not stop having sex with other guys but at least she willhave to text you back	If you loves you a woman, jus' go 'head an' git her preggers. She might not quit havin' it off with them other fellas, but at least she gon' hafta text you back.
Want on the hubby to come back with the loud and finish thewashing and clean the house	I want my husband to come back with the laundry, finishwashing, and clean the house	I wanna my husband to come back with the laundry, finish up washin', and clean this here house.
Cuz it makes a differnt. If u think Like to spend money to take u out just becauseI would need background info...	It makes a difference. If you think I like to spend money to take you out “just because”, I would need background information.	That makes a differance. If y'all think I like to throw down moolah to take y'all out "just 'cause", I'd need me some backstory.
Would you walk away from 4yr-10.5m guaranteed overseas to play on a 1yr-1m contract in the NBA? Questionfor my bros that hoop...	Would you walk away from a four year, ten and a half million dollar contract, guaranteed overseas to play on a one year, one million dollar contract in the NBA? Questionfor my brothers that play basketball	Y'all think them brothers of mine in the basketball world would give up a four year, ten and a half million dollar contract, guaranteed to play overseas, for just a one year, one million dollar contract in the NBA?
Im tryna take this shit over next year.. I got a plan!"Aye Bro you still SSU	I'm trying to take this shit over next year. I have a plan!Hey bro, are you still sunny side up	Hey buddy, you still fixin' to be all scrambled up next year? Guess you got some scheme cookin'.
Black ppl gotta have a cover charge, high ass drink prices, cover chargegoes up every 5 minutes..	Black people got to have a price to get in and very high drink prices.  The price to get ingoes up every five minutes	Black folk gotta pay somethin' to get in and them drink prices is real high. The price to get in keeps goin' up every five minutes.
everywhere has them on preorder I've been trying to buy some forthe last month or two	Everywhere has them on pre-order. I've been trying to but some forthe last month or two	Everywheres got 'em on pre-order. I've been tryin' to git some for the last month or two.
Lmao mfs sayin Chief keef n GBE still at da betawards at the metal detectors	It's hilarious. Motherfuckers are saying that Chief Keep and GBE are still at the BET awards at the metal detectors	That there's plum funny. Folks is sayin' that Chief Keef and GBE was still hangin' out at them BET awards, right there by them metal detectors.
I see how they do it in the D feed you lobster ravioli then put you out to stay with granny..well grannyJoyce im on the way	I see how they do it in the D: feed you lobster ravioli, then put you out to stay with grandmother. Well, GrandmotherJoyce, I'm on the way	I see how they do it down in the D: they give you lobster ravioli, then they send you off to stay with grandma. Well, GrandmaJoyce, I'm headin' there now.
At the end of the day a niggah will be a niggah and if you play with me i will show thats something you should know atthe end of the day	At the end of the day a guy will be a guy and if you bother me, I'll let you know about it atthe end of the day	At the close of the day, a fella is still a fella. If ya hassle me, I'll give ya a piece of my mind at the close of the day.
shut up you ain't trying to go. Tickets are too highthey are 500 right now.	Stop, you aren't able to go. Ticket prices are too highbecause they are at $500 right now	Hold up, y'all can't go on account of them ticket prices bein' too high 'cause they're settin' at around $500 just now.
Aye I'm mad at u putting me on this show and its only 1 season! U know I blow thru series like acrack head thru insurance money!	Hey I am angry how you introduced me to this show and it is only one season! You know I go through a lot of television like a crack addict goes through insurance money	Hey, I'm mad at ya for bringin' me to this here show, and there's only one season! You know I go through a lot of TV like a crackhead goes through insurance money.
This country is foolish when it comes to our justice system and morals! We care more about freaking animals morethe we do human beings!	This country is foolish when it comes to our justice system and morals! We care more about freaking animals morethan we do human beings!	In this here land, we're mighty foolish when it comes to our justice system and morals! Seems like we care more 'bout some blamed animals than we do 'bout human beings!
I hate wen she say o wen i tell her i love herlike wtf who does dt	I hate it when she says Oh when I tell her i love her like what the fuck who does that	I can't stand it when she goes "Oh" when I tell her I love her, you know? What kind of person does that?
Blacks will trade drake to the whites if white girls stop saying yolo.Whites reply H.Y.F.R" so wrong	Black people will trade Drake to white people if it would make white girls stop saying \"yolo\".White people replying \"H.Y.F.R\" is so wrong	Black folk'd give Drake to white folk if it'd make white gals quit sayin' \"yolo\". White folks replyin' with \"H.Y.F.R\" is just plain wrong.
fa sho and I normally don't thats whats pissing me of more I think.. and thats100. Appreciate it my dude	For sure, and normally I don't, that is what is annoying me more, I think... and that's all. I appreciate it, my dude	Shore thing, an' usually I don't, but that's what's gettin' on my nerves more, I reckon... an' that's all. I do appreciate it, my man.
Lmfao I know the crowd like nigga please PLEASE don't stage dives/o to the remix !	I know the crowd, dude please PLEASE don't stage diveto the remix	I knows them folks, man, PLEASE don't act all showy or diva-like to the remix.
"It's only led me to complete awesomeness at all times. It's only led me toawesome truth and awesomeness. "	\"It's only let me to complete awesomeness at all times. It's only led me toawesome truth and awesomeness.\	"It's just allowed me to be all kinds of awesome at all times. It's just led me to the truth and awesomeness that's all around."
naw, but I think imm check out "the killing" on netflix next.What's dat Donovan show about?	No, but I think I'm going to check out \"The Killing\" on Netflix next.What's that Donovan show about	No, I ain't got nothin', but I reckon I'm a-gonna go check out that there show "The Killing" on Netflix next. What's that Donovan show 'bout?
lol your welcome .....and besides u not mentally ready if I did fuck u.....mfs gonebe mind blown fuck sprung	That's funny. You're welcome. And besides, you're not mentally ready if I did mess with you. That guy's goingto be very confused	That's a hoot! Thanks anyways. Now, truth be told, you ain't quite prepared for it if I was to pull a fast one on you. That fella's gonna be mighty puzzled.
u preaching to choir chief, I had a chevy corsica and gotgood action in it lol	You're preaching to the choir chief, I had a Chevy Corsica and gotgood action in it. That's funny	You're speakin' to the right crowd, partner. I once had me a good time in a Chevy Corsica. That there's a hoot.
just touched back down in dat SC... Tryin to find somethingto get into... Any ideas?	Just got back into South Carolina.  Trying to find somethingto do.  Any ideas	Jus' got back in ta South Carolina. Ain't nothin' going on an' I'm tryin' ter figure it out. Y'all got any idears?
lol ugh yea for free... Nobody payed for that album yet ...links were posted that night and flexplayed it a min before	Yes for free... Nobody has payed for that album yet ...links (to the album) were posted that nightplayed it shortly befor	Y'all can have it gratis... Nobody's handed over no moolah for that there album yet... Links to it got posted that very night, and I gave it a spin just before.
But wait I really be up like my phone be popping on something the lil 4-5 people I talk to everydayis sleep and at work	But wait, I'm really up. My phone is really active about something. The few four or five people I talk to every dayare when I sleep and at work	But hold on now, I'm wide awake. My phone's really hoppin' about somethin'. The folks I chat with most days, they're the ones when I'm snoozin' and at work.
drake lies he 2 emo not to make new friends..its ok ill be an ear lay ur burdens in my dm box, the doors tothe church r now open	Drake is not telling the truth. He is too emo to stop making new friends. It is alright, I'm hear to listen. Send me a message with whatever is troubling you. The church doors are now open.	Drake ain't tellin' no truth. He's just too darn emo to quit makin' new pals. It's all good, I'm here to lend an ear. Send me a message with whatever's gotcha feelin' down. The church doors is now open.
Being GAY is the ONLY sin people focus on. Cursing? Sin. Sex before marriage? Sin. Sins are sins. Y'all toojudgmental. that's also a sin.	Being GAY is the ONLY sin people focus on. Cursing? Sin. Sex before marriage? Sin. Sins are sins. You are all toojudgmental. That’s also a sin	Bein' GAY is the only sin folks seem to care 'bout. Swearin'? Sin. Doin' the deed before gettin' hitched? Sin. Sins is sins, y'all. Y'all is too quick to judge. That's also a sin.
I am so gratful that God is speaking and I am hearing. Ministry is all inme and I must do.	I am so grateful that God is speaking and I am hearing. Ministry is inme and I must do	I's mighty thankful that God's talkin' and I's listenin'. Ministry's inside me and I gotta do somethin' about it.
Im tired of dis shit man im gne im leaving fuk dt shit she want me gneanyway man damn ha idgaf	I’m tired of this shit, man. I’m gone. I’m leaving. Fuck that shit. She wants me goneanyway, man. Damn. Haha. I don’t give a fuck.	I'm plum tuckered out from all this bullshit, man. I'm hit the road. I'm leavin'. That shit ain't worth it. She wants me gone anyways, man. Damn. Haha. Ain't none of her business gonna make me give a damn.
Lil wine got me feeling some type away!" Yoooooo I'm mad the bar not open theywas good as shit" yesssssss	A little wine has gotten me feeling some type of way! Wow, I'm mad at the bar because they are not open,and they were good as shit. Yes	A little sip of this here wine got me feelin' somethin' fierce! Lord have mercy, I'm plum mad at this here bar for not bein' open, and they was real good, too. Yes indeedy.
I just randomly held my hand up to this dudes muscle in the gym .. His shit is thesize of my hand man...	I just held my hand up to this man's muscles in the gym .. They are thesize of my hand..	I jus' put mah hand up next to this here man's muscles at the gym.... They's about the size of mah hand.
My *** been hustling tryna make him somethin, aint no tellin what he'll do for the paper.... This song is dumbbut i be boppin lol	I have been working like crazy trying to make him something, but there is not telling what he will do for the paper. This song is dumbbut it sounds good	I've been workin' mah heart out tryin' to make him somethin'. But it's a mystery what he'll do for that there paper. This here song might be dumb but it sure does sound good.
I have to much for respect for Rachel Jeantel on the show. Shetells it like it is!	I have too much respect for Rachel Jeantel on the show. She tells it like it is!	I got a whole lotta respect fer Rachel Jeantel on that there show. She speaks the truth, plain and simple.
Slept like a rock for 4 hours. Now, I'm wide awake. Thelife of an insomniac *smh*	I slept like a rock for four hours. Now I’m wide awake. The life of an insomniac. I’m shaking my head.	I slept real good for four hours, but now I'm as wide awake as a rooster. Bein' an insomniac ain't no picnic. I'm just shakin' me head.
being the best boy band ever and making me feel better aboutmyself! Love you guys! <33333	They are the best boy band ever, making me feel better aboutmyself! Love you guys	They're the finest boy band I ever did hear! Makes this old heart of mine feel mighty good too! Y'all are just the cat's pajamas! Love y'all to pieces.
hi Nuddy imy" jazzzzzzyyyyy come holla at me 2mar u been MIA"I bee chillin I will	Hi Nuddy, I miss you. You said, come talk to me tomorrow, you've been missing in action\".I have been relaxing. I will	Hey Nuddy, I do miss ya. You told me to come on over and chat with ya tomorrow, but you've been MIA for a bit. I've just been takin' it easy. I'll be seein' ya tomorrow as planned.
People like to categorize HipHop as Old School or New School. BULLSHIT!!! The categories are eitherGood or Bad. Wake Up!!!!	People like to categorize hip hop as old school or new school. Bullshit! The categories are either good or bad. Wake up	Folks is always puttin' hip hop into old school or new school. Hogwash! Those classifications is either good or bad. Come on now and open your eyes.
Have you ever noticed ppl say 'that's funny' when they want to acknowledge you tried to be humorous but don'twant to say you failed	Have you ever noticed people say \"that is funny\" when they want to acknowledge that you tried to be funny but they do notwant to tell you you were not funny at all	Folks sometimes say "that's funny" when they mean to let you know that they picked up on your attempt to be humorous, but they don't necessarily want to hurt your feelings by telling you outright that they didn't find it funny at all.
Dorian a true nigga... He been homeless twice (aka sleeping on his girlcouch) and got two girlfriends	Dorian is a true African American. He’s been homeless twice, sleeping on his girlfriend’s couch, and has two girlfriends.	Dorian is the real deal when it comes to bein' an African American. He's had to sleep on the streets twice, livin' on his girlfriend's couch, and he's got two girlfriends.
I see you singing 90s tunes on my timeline..would you be interested in listeningto a 90s RnB mix?	I see you’re singing 90’s tunes on my timeline...would you be interested in listening to a 90’s R&B mix?	I sees you're singin' 'bout them 90's tunes on my Facebook page...you wanna give a listen to a mix of 90's R&B tunes?
I got my fit for Toma u can catch me on the beach man with agallon of 1800 real tlk	I have my outfit for tomorrow. You can catch me on the beach, man, without aconcern for hurting anyone's feelings	I got mah outfit picked out fer tomorrah. Y'all can find me at the beach, partner, not givin' no thought to hurtin' nobody's feelin's.
Bobby Brown made the room awkward for like 5 secs ..smh...addictions really are bad lol	Bobby Brown made the room awkward for like five secondsaddictions are horrible	Bobby Brown made the whole room uncomfortable for about five seconds. Addictions is somethin' terrible.
I done lost alotta ppl in my life, I mite miss em from time 2 time, butits all in Gods plan.	I have lost a lot of people in my life. I might miss them from time to time, butit's all in God's plan	I've lost a whole bunch of folks in my life. I might miss 'em every now and then, but it's all part of God's big scheme.
Sorry but is one of the realist niggas in CHIRAQ I got everything bro droppedwaiting on this jeep music	Sorry, but he is one of the honest people in Chicago. I got everything he createdwaiting on his music	Sorry 'bout that, but he's one of them honest folks in Chicago. I got ev'rythang he made sittin' here, waitin' on his music.
At work and Josh jumps up and says he has to go to the bathroom. Mr. David replies with,"do all the right things."	I was at work and Josh jumps up and says that he has to go to the bathroom. Mr. David replied with, \"Do all the right things.\	I was at mah job and Josh suddenly jumps up and says he gotta go to the bathroom. Mister David answered with, "Do everthang right."
It's the first of the month, rent is due. If you don't have nothin on the table. You ain't gotta worrybout being a dog catcher..	It's the first of the month, rent is due. If you don't have anything on the table, don't worryabout being a dog catche	It's the first of the month and rent's got to be paid. If y'all ain't got nothin' on the table, don't you fret 'bout bein' a dog catcher.
After i heard that booty bandit shit in facebook i feelin love wit his voice	After I heard that booty bandit shit on Facebook, I fellin love with his voice	After I heared that booty bandit did his business on Facebook, I got real smitten with the sound of his voice.
next thing u know he go back to his desk. I came over and said "stop all dat playin in public". He steppeson my shoe, I slapped	The next thing you know, he is going back to his desk. I came over and said \"stop all that playing in public\". He then steppedon my shoe and I slappe	Next thing you know, he's headin' back to his desk. I went over and hollered \"cut out all that carryin' on in front of folks\". He then stomped on my shoe and I gave him a good ol' whack back!
I'm so lost when I log on now...emojis and new lingo and shit. The world move way toofast for Kim son now	I'm so lost when I log on now...with emojis and new lingo and shit. The world moves way toofast for Kim’s son now.	I'm all confused now whenever I hop online...with them emojis and fresh new slang and whatnot. The world's movin' way too fast for little ol' Kim's kid now.
I didn't believe HOV was coming to bham until it showed on ticketmaster. Because yesterday every city but bhamwas showing. It's on there	I truly did not believe that Jay-Z was coming to Birmingham until it showed up on Ticketmaster. Because yesterday every city excluding Birminghamwas showing. Now it's on the site	I swear to goodness, I didn't think Jay-Z was a-comin' to Birmingham none at all. Until this mornin', every place except Birmingham wasn't showin'. But now it's right there on Ticketmaster.
Wish he hurry up so I can go to sleep haven't been in his arms in three daysso u kno I'm hype	I wish he would hurry up so I can go to sleep. I haven't been in his arms in three daysso you know I'm impatient	I sure do wish he'd get a move on, so I can hit the hay. It's been three whole days since I've been in his embrace, now you know I'm antsy.
What's more impressive, a team that beats a whole bunch of cupcakes and makes it to the championship or a team thatbeats 7 top 25 teams?	What is more impressive, a team that beats a bunch of cupcakes and makes it to the championship or a team thatbeats 7 of the top 25 teams?	Which one's more impressive, a team that wins against a whole lotta weak teams and makes it to the final game or a team that beats 7 outta the top 25 teams?
Karaoke w/Reggie Kelly Sat.; July 27th Limelight Inn; 408 Ingleside Ave. Catonsville, MD. Good food &drink prices, great sound system.	Karaoke with Reggie Kelly, Saturday, July 27th. Limelight Inn, 408 Ingleside Avenue, Catonsville, MD. Good food anddrink prices and great sound system	Singin' karaoke with Reggie Kelly, on the Saturday, 27th of July. Limelight Inn, located at 408 Ingleside Avenue, in Catonsville, Maryland. They got good grub and drink deals there, along with an excellent sound system.
Have yall ever looked at somebody and be like they funny looking but be porno sexy at the same time.Or is that only me?!	Have you ever looked at someone and thought they are funny looking but also sexy at the same time?Or is that just me	Have you ever seen somethin' 'bout somebody that made 'em seem funny lookin', but also sexually attractive all at once? Or is that just me?
Find it funny tries to defend , last person he TRIED 2defend made him look LOL	I find it funny that he tries to defend. The last person he tried to defendmade his look laughable	I reckon it's hilarious how he goes about defendin'. The last fella he was tryin' to protect made him seem real foolish.
It's crazy niggss I was fucking when I was broke say I'm acting funnynow...we all gone eat b	It's crazy black people that I was sleeping with when I had no money that say I'm acting funnynow. We're all going to eat b	It's nuts, some black folk I was shackin' up with when I was flat broke, are the ones callin' me funny now. We was all gonna chow down on some barbecue, but...
What is going on??? My home was broken into. Lawn mower stolen.Oh yeah......2 Tim. 3: 1-5...	What is going on? My home was broken into. Lawn mower stolen.Oh yeah- 2 times	What in tarnation's goin' on here? Somebody busted into my house. Took my lawn mower, too. Yessiree, they done took it twice.
Tennessee fans bragging about recruiting class when national signing day ain't until next year. Decommits will beat an all time high	Tennessee fans are bragging about recruiting class when national signing day isn’t until next year. Decommits will beat an all time high.	Folks in Tennessee are blowin' their horns 'bout their recruitin' class, but National Signin' Day ain't even happened yet next year. Decommitments is gonna reach a new record high.
I wish he say his toes pretty again , omg :: he insults mewhen he says that lol	I hope he says that his toes look pretty again, he insults mewhen he says that	I hopes he gon' say agin that his toes looks purty, 'cause he hurts my feelin's when he says that.
Maneee I Swear lovee Tf outa MyGirl !: thatss my Mf baby !, shee mine not yoursnot his or hers, MINE	I swea,r I love the fuck out of my girlfriend! Thats my mother fucking baby! She is mine, not yoursnot theirs, she is mine	I swear to God, I do love the heck outta my girlfriend! That's my sweet baby, not yours, not theirs. She is all mine.
She Always Takin Bout How I Sit At Home All Day But When I Get Asked To Go Places You Complainin Bout HowIm Always Tryna Do Somethin	She mentions how i do nothing all day but when i do something she complains about howI am always trying to do something	She goes on about how I just sit around all day long, but then when I try to do something, she grumbles that I'm always trying to do something.
yeah, the endings are so great, I want to see what's going tohappen in the next ep.	Yeah, the endings are great, I want to see what's going tohappen in the next episode	Yessiree, them endings is something else, can't wait to find out what's gonna go down in the next epizode.
I liked ciaras performance 2 & dats bout it bt others wasnt bad. Wish asap rockyperformed & others I guess.	I liked Ciara's performance too and that's about it, but the others weren't bad. Wish ASAP Rockyand some other people performed, I guess	I reckon I liked Ciara's show just as much as you did, but that's pretty much all there was to it for me. The others wasn't too shabby neither. Wish ASAP Rocky and some other folks had been there performin', I suppose.
See my life,its like a seesaw, and until I move away,this weight is going to keep me to the floor, travel withme through my deep thoughts!	See my life. It’s like a seesaw. Until I move away this weight is going to keep me on the floor. Travel withme through my deep thoughts!	See my life, it's like a teeter-totter. But as long as I don't leave this place, that weight's gonna keep me pinned down. Come journey with me through my deep reflections!
I spoke 2 him briefly this morning, he said he Wuldcall back, but he hasn't.	I spoke to him briefly this morning. He said he would call back, but he hasn't	I had a real quick chat with him this mornin'. He told me he'd give me a call back, but he ain't called yet.
George Zimmerman was pulled over for speeding, and he had a gun inthe car in Texas today.	George Zimmerman was pulled over for speeding, and he had a gun inthe car in Texas today	George Zimmerman got himself stopped by the law 'cause he was goin' too fast, now in Texas today. And let me tell ya, he had him a gun in that car of his.
if I wasn't so cooped up in apt I'd go with you been trying to makethat move for two weeks	If I wasn't so cooped up in the apartment I'd go with you. I’ve been trying to make that move for two weeks.	If I weren't stuck in this here apartment, I'd go with ya. I've been tryin' to make that move for two weeks now.
You are one of those moms that love your kid's extra hard! But you have to let your son be aman with his own relationship.	You are a mom that loves your kids very much, but you have to let your son be aman in his own relationship.	You's a mama that adores her kiddos real somethin' fierce, but ya gotta let your boy be the man in his own love business.
Florida fucked up the Bush and Gore election, Casey Anthony, andnow the Zimmerman trial smh"	Florida fucked up the Bush and Gore election, Casey Anthony, and now the Zimmerman trial. I’m shaking my head.	Florida done goofed up good with the Bush an' Gore election, Casey Anthony, an' now the Zimmerman trial. My head is shakin'.
Up early watching UFC I ain't the one for this either dude looked like his leg broke when he gotkicked in the face lol	I was awake early in the morning watching UFC but it is not for me, this man looked like his leg broke when he gotkicked in the fac	I was up real early in the mornin', watchin' UFC on the television. But it just ain't for me, that there man looked somethin' fierce when his leg seemed to break from gettin' kicked in the face.
hit em with some of this roses are red.. Time freezes and Iget goose bumps rhetoric lol	Hit them with some of these red roses. Time freezes and Iget goosebumps rhetoric. That's funny	Hit 'em with some of these here red roses. Time stands still and I gets me some goosepimples from that there rhetoric. That's a hoot!
How Most Guy Prepare A Text To Their Girl: "I Love You." *Erased* "I Miss You." *Erased* "Can WeTalk?" *Erases* "What's Up?" *Sends*	The way that most guys prepare a text to their girlfriend: \"I love you.\" *erase* \"I miss you.\" *erase* \"Can wetalk?\" *erase* \"What's up?\" *send*	Most boys fixin' up a text to their girl: "I love you." *cross out* "I miss you." *cross out* "Can we talk?" *cross out* "What's goin' on?" *send*
Just found me a new boo at chipotle! He gave me two scoops of steak anddidn't charge me for double!	I just found a new guy at Chipotle! He gave me two scoops of steak and didn't charge me for double	I jus' discovered a new fella at Chipotle! He give me two hunks of beef an' didn't make me pay fer them extras.
damn.. so what Jalen have to do wit it cuz I thought he jus wasjus doing the loud thing	Damn.. So what did Jalen have to do with it because I thought he was justJust doing the loud thin	Dang... So what in tarnation did Jalen have to do with all this, seeing as I believed he was just hollerin' and carryin' on.
This year ian gone be on that dum shi ,skippin class && shit,imma stay focused sothem grades a look right	This year I am not going to do that stupid stuff like skipping class, I'm going to stay focused so I can get good grades	This year I ain't gonna do them foolish things no more, like cuttin' class. I'm fixin' to keep my eyes on the prize and stay focused so I can get them good grades.
Mmh ..Dr. Dra supa fine ! Its more his size n height than anythng ...gotta thingfor the lineman figure lol	Mmm... Dr. Dra is super fine! It's more his size and height than anything. I have a thingfor the lineman figure- I'm laughing	Mmm... Doctor Dra is purty fine! Ain't so much 'bout him bein' my type in terms of size or height, it's more 'bout that lineman build - I'm just laughin'.
wait 3some? Or Menage? Cuz an invite to run a train is cool or what eva...but don't thinkI turned any Menages down...	Wait, threesome? Or Menage? Because an invite to run a train is cool or whatever... but I don't thinkI turned any Menages down..	Hold up there, threesome or Menage? 'Cause an offer to jump on the "run a train" bandwagon is all right by me, I reckon. But I don't believe I ever declined any Menages...
I never wanna go back out there to many fake tough niggas I fuck around n try to rob everybody lmao.I be outta town die	I never want to go back out there. Too many dishonest people I mess around with and try to rob everybody. That's hilarious.I'm out of town	I don't ever wanna go back out yonder. There's just too many slick, dishonest folks I fool around with and try to swindle everyone. That's a real hoot. I'm outta this here town.
Thought I'd be able to clean out my car but the machine only takes dimes wtfkind of crap is that	I thought I'd be able to clean out my car but the machine only takes dimes, what the heckkind of nonsense is that	I thought I could get my car all cleaned up, but that there machine only takes dimes, what in tarnation is goin' on with that?
I don't know of any women that wants to be single, so when you ladiessay "I'm single by choice"	I don't know of any women who wants to be single, so when you ladiessay, \"I'm single by choice\"	I don't reckon there's many a woman out there hankerin' to be single, so when y'all gals say, "I'm single by choice," that ain't the truth.
A Guy Can Cheat & Fix it & Make A Girl ThinkSHE Did Something Wrong!"try again	A Guy can cheat and fix it and make a girl thinkShe did something wrong? Try Again	A fella can deceive and doctor things, makin' a gal believe She done somethin' wrong? Give it another shot.
Ugh folks blow me with that mess. When you busy living your own life you don't have timeto worry about other folks	Wow, folks blow me away with that mess. When you are busy, living your own life, you don't have timeto worry about other folks	Wow, people can really take my breath away with all that ruckus. When you got your own life to live and things to keep you busy, you just don't got the time to be worrying 'bout other folks.
Fuck I look like , & I bet my mom won'tsay shit about it .	Who do I look like, and I don't think my mom willsay anything about it	Who the hell do I resemble, and I reckon my mama won't be sayin' nothin' 'bout it.
Mann ppl still in they feelings like damn how long ago was that again. Lhh buti aint trippin they lose	Man, people are still in their feelings like damn, how long ago was that again? I’m laughing hella hard. ButI’m not tripping. They lose.	Man, folks is still actin' all emotional and such, like dang, when was that even again? I'm laughin' my butt off. But I ain't gettin' worked up. They lost that game a long time ago.
If you Google what white ppl smell like its gone come up wet potato chips and mayonnaise. Lmao. Imnot making this up folks	If you Googled \"what do white people smell like\", it would say wet potato chips and mayonnaise. That makes me laugh. I'mstating a fac	If you searched "what do white folks smell like" on Google, it'd say wet potato chips and mayo. That tickles me. I'm just sayin', that's all.
there was no lol...plus i was referring to what you said, notyou, even though its true	That's funny, but there wasn't any. Additionally, I was referring to what you had said and not to you, even though it is true for both	Well, that's a hoot, but there weren't none. I was talkin' 'bout what you said, not you, even though it applies to both.
I got viagra emails heavy like a month ago...I thought u niggaz had jokesand messing with me lol	I got many viagra emails about a month ago... I thought you guys were being funnyand messing around with me	A bout a month back, I received plenty of emails 'bout Viagra. I figured y'all was just jokin' and foolin' around with me.
well i dont know about those streets where you are but my chipotle is full ofyuppies and professionals on lunch	Well, I don't know about those streets where you are, but my Chipotle is full ofyuppies and professionals at lunch	Well, I ain't familiar with them streets where you're at, but my Chipotle's packed with yuppies and working folk havin' their lunch.
Didn't have to do much for meals in UG but steal...aint proud of it, but meal plans was goneby Thanksgiving and spring break.	I didn't have to do much for meals during my undergraduate, and I'm not proud of it, but I used up all of my meal plan beforeThanksgiving and spring break	Durin' my undergrad, I didn't hafta work too hard fer mah meals. Ain't proud of it, but afore Thanksgivin' an' spring break, I used up all mah meal plan.
So what I'm getting from my TL is that April reallyaint bout using a phone	So what I'm getting from my TL is that April really isn't about using a phone	From what I'm hearin' from my teacher, April ain't got nothin' to do with usin' a phone.
Two of my homies fighting and they both acting like kidsso fuck both of them.	Two of my friends are fighting and they are acting like childrenso forget both of the	Two of my pals is goin' at it good and actin' like they don't know no better, so I reckon we best forget 'bout both of 'em for now.
MASS APPEAL GO HARD DAT SHIT GO DUMB! DATS WAT THE FUCK I'M TAMBOUT CASS KEEP SPAZZIN ON D'S GOOFAS FUCK NIGGAS ECSP WK-MZ	Mass appeal, be aggressive! That situation is stupid. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. Cass keeps overreacting to D's mistake so much, black people, especially WK-MZ	Mass appeal, but don't hold back! That there situation is real dumb. That's exactly what I'm gettin' at. Cass just keeps actin' a fool over D's blunder. Black folks, particularly WK-MZ.
It amazes me how ppl get upset wit me all I didwz ask a question tuh	It amazes me how some people get upset with me, all I didwas ask a question	It sure does baffle me somethin' fierce, how some folks can get riled up at me, all I done was ask a simple question.
typo. That should have said GZ told investigators that was not him calling for help in thebackground on the 911 tapes.	Typo. That should have said, \"GZ told investigators that it wasn't him calling for help in thebackground on the 911 tapes.\	Typo. That oughta said, "GZ told investigators that it weren't him hollerin' for help in the background on them 911 tapes."
I thank God everyday my parents gave me a beautiful name , cause some ofyou should consider changing yours.	I thank God everyday my parents gave me a beautiful name because some ofyou should consider changing yours	I thank the good Lord every day that my parents gave me a purty name. Some of y'all might need to think 'bout changin' yours.
Ok now let me do this album some justice and hook it up to the speakers and take it to the lab....Stay tuned for my reaction	Alright, now allow me to improve this album from it's current state, and I will hook it up to the speakers and take it to a studio,Stay tuned in for my reaction	Alright, now lemme tell ya, I'm gonna make some improvements to this here album, right from its current state. Then, I'll hook it up to them speakers and take it on over to the studio. So, stay tuned in for my reaction.
If I could have it my way everyone I ever have or will interact with would just listen 2my music at least once!	If I could have it my way, everyone I ever have or will interact with would just listen tomy music at least once	If I had my druthers, every person I ever did or will engage with would give my music a listen just once.
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO YOU AND THE FAMILY TEAMERICA STAND THE FUCKUP KEEP. DOING. YOU BOO	Happy Fourth of July to you and the family, Team America. Stand the fuckup. Keep being yourself, brother	Y'all have a happy Fourth of July, Team America. Don't mess up. Just keep on bein' yourselves, buddy.
She know wht she want she got her thoughts together, she know she bottom bitch sheknow we gonna ride 4ever	She knows precisely what she desires, and she has her thoughts collected, she understands that she's a highly valued woman, sheknows that we will stick together forever	She knows plumb what she wants, an' she got her thoughts all gathered up. She knows she's a real valuable woman, an' we'll be stickin' together forever.
lets schedule for this coming Tuesday...at the Evergreen AppleBees so we can payrespect to the Plaza too.	Let’s schedule for this coming Tuesday at the Evergreen Applebee’s so we can payrespect to the plaza, too	Let's set it up for next Tuesday over at the Evergreen Applebee's in that there plaza, so we can give our respects to the plaza, as well.
Still spots left on the The Skybox's FFL. Sign up and get a chance at a $100 Visa Gift Card. Send meyour email to sign up.	Still spots left on the Skybox's FFL. Sign up and get a change at a $100 Visa Gift Card. Send meyour email to sign up	Still got some spots open on da Skybox's Fantasy Football League. Join up an' get a shot at a hundred dollar Visa Gift Card. Shoot me yer email to sign up.
I don't c how sumone can love sumone dat don't love dem. Im sorry bt my selfesteem is alil higher than that. I bliteratly on 2 da next.	I do not see how someone can love someone that doesnt love them.  I am sorry but my self esteem is a little higher that that. I would be literally on to the next woman	I don't reckon someone can truly love someone that don't love 'em back. But lemme tell ya, my self-esteem is a mite higher than that. I'd be straight up movin' on to the next gal.
Lowkey half of you talking about struggle meals ..your parents were just having a lazy week anddidn't wanna go grocery shopping	Half of you are talking about struggle meals, but your parents were just having a lazy week and didn't want to go grocery shopping	Half y'all is talkin' 'bout struggle meals, but your mamas and papas was just havin' a laid-back week and didn't feel like headin' to the grocery store.
I know there's a name, gotta be a name for this shit . . I just don't know what, don't know whatto call it!" My shit	I know there's a name, gotta be a name for this shit... I just don't know whatto call it! My shit	I knows ther's a name, gotta be a name for this here mess... But I just don't know what to call it! My mess.
Chip Kelly is gonna leave philly after one year and takethe USC head coach job	Chip Kelly is going to leave Philadelphia after one year and takethe University of Southern California head coach job.	Chip Kelly's leavin' Philly after just one year, and he's takin' the head coach gig at the University of Southern California.
they got us waiting all day for a simple number or something.My patience running thin! Lol	They’ve had us waiting all day for a simple number. My patience is running thin! I’m laughing.	They've had us sittin' around all day long for nothin' but a little ol' number. My patience is about wore out! I'm just shakin' my head and laughin'.
fuck the S3 is so awful. How can you have a phone that takes 5 hours to charge but only holdsa charge for 45 minutes?	The S3 is awful. How can you have a phone that takes five hours to charge but only holdsa charge for 45 minutes	The S3 is real terrible. How in the world you can have a phone that take five hours to charge but only keep a charge for 45 minutes? That just don't make no sense.
TODAY WAS MY FIRST TIME EVER HEARING ABOUT YOUR MUSIC AT ESSENCE AND I LOVE LOVE LOVE "BEST FRIEND " !!CAN'T WAIT 4 DA ALBUM!!	TODAY WAS MY FIRST TIME HEARING ABOUT YOUR MUSIC AT ESSENCE AND I ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOUR SONG \"BEST FRIEND\"!!I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE ALBUM!	Today was my first time hearin' 'bout your music at Essence, and I absolutely love your song "Best Friend"!! I can't wait for the album!
I can't lie I want them 3s sat but I can'tcop another pair of Jordan's"	I can't lie, I want the Threes but I can'tbuy another pair of Jordans	I ain't lyin', I hanker for them Threes, but I just can't afford to buy another pair of Jordans.
yes she is way too jealous & possessive of Joe. That relationship will never mend if she keepsinsinuating herself in the middle	She is way to jealous and wants Joe to herself.  The relationship will never work out if she keepsputting herself in the middle	She's actin' real possessive and wants Joe all to herself. That relationship ain't gonna last if she keeps puttin' herself in the middle.
Since I work in the morning minds well get rest now cause being a work all day tomorrow I'mnot trying to be tired	Since I work in the morning I might as well rest now because I am going to be at work all day tomorrow and IWould not like to be tire	Since I gots to work in the mornin', I best get some rest now. Cause I'm gonna be workin' all day tomorra, an' I don't wanna be feelin' all tired.
I'm not the type to chase a female down but you like a itch I cant reach nI got to reach u	I'm not the type to pursue a woman too much, but it's like you're an itch and I can't reach it, but I have to reach you	I ain't the kind to chase after a woman something fierce, but it's like you're this itch that I just can't quite reach, but I gotta reach you somehow.
Fly to the Chi or roll thru the A? Maybe evencheck out AZ. Decisions decisions	Fly to Chicago or drive through the A? Maybe evencheck out Arizona. Decisions, decisions	Fly to Chicago or ride in a car through Dixie, maybe even take a look at Arizona. Tough choices to make.
Women don’t want to find a guy who will treat them good they want the person they are withto change and do that	Women don’t want to find a guy who will treat them good. They want the person they are withto change and do that.	Women ain't lookin' for no guy who'll treat 'em right. No, ma'am! They want the fella they's with to change and start actin' right.
she ain't eem fooling with black men tho so we wouldn't even haveto worry about that lol	She is not even fooling around with black guys though so we would not even have to worry about that laugh out loud	She ain't foolin' around with no black fellas neither, so we wouldn't have to be worryin' 'bout that, hee-haw.
Don't be looking at my forehead, chest area... Behind me. Look me in my eyesit's not that damn hard	Do not look at my forehead, chest, or behind me.  Look me in my eyesit is not that damn har	Don't be lookin' at my forehead, my chest, or what's behind me. Just gaze into my eyes. It ain't that hard.
It's crazy how much I hate feet but I let himput his feet on me"	Its crazy how much I hate feet but I let himput his feet on me	It's darn foolish how much I can't stand feet, but I just let him put his feet on me.
BOY youu mean the WORLD too me, 'DONTAY youu all iEVER wanted& DREAMED of iLOVE youu	BOY, you mean the WORLD to me. DONTAY, you’re all I EVER wanted& DREAMED of. I LOVE you.	BOY, you means more to me than the ENTIRE WORLD. DONTAY, you're all I'VE EVER WANTED and DREAMED about. I LOVE you, boy.
ME TOO I LOVE WENDY SHE IS MY BIG SISTER IN MY HEAD IWOULD LOVE TO MEET HER	I also love Wendy, in my head she is like a big sister to me, Iwould love to meet her	I do take a likin' to Wendy, in my mind she's sorta like a big sister to me. I reckon I'd be mighty pleased to actually meet her.
I love this girl cnt nobody take that away tellin her i love her is something ill never b ashamed to saythis girl here i will	I love this girl. Nobody can take that away. Telling her I love her is something I’ll never be ashamed to say. This girl here I will. (?)	I do love this here girl. Nobody can take that away from me. Tellin' her I love her is somethin' I'll always be proud to say. This girl right here, I will.
Watching Auburn and OleMiss game from 2002 on CSS. JasonCampbell andEli Manning were the QBs	I’m watching the Auburn and OleMiss game from 2002 on CSS. Jason Campbell andEli Manning were the QBs.	I's watchin' the Auburn and Ole Miss game from 2002 on CSS. Jason Campbell and Eli Manning was the quarterbacks.
Just so I'm clear claims 2 be a Member of DST and SGRHOat the same dayum time?	Just to be clear, this person is claiming to be a member of both DST and SGRHO simultaneously?	Now let me make sure I got it right. This here person is sayin' they belong to both DST and SGRHO at the same time?
I wish could speak to alot of u folks about her work ethicand desire to be great.	I wish I could speak to a lot of you folks about her work ethicand desire to be great.	I do wish I could have a chat with all y'all 'bout her work ethic and hunger to be somethin' great.
I agree, fuck and get back to ya side of bed.Its 2 hot 4 dat!	I agree, fuck this and get back to your side of the bed.It's too hot for that	I reckon that's right, damn this and let's both go back to our side of the bed. It's too blamed hot for that.
MissSt on Saturday. Time for conference play. We've improved every week. Time tolay it on the field	Mississippi State on Saturday. Time for conference play. We've improved every week. Time tolay it on the field	Mississippi State gon' be playin' on Saturday. It's time for conference games. We've been gettin' better every week. Now it's time to show it on the field.
Charlie Wilson White chick is off beat as fuck! But I bet heaint gotta answer to Shit!	Charlie Wilson's white girlfriend is out of tune! But i bet hewon't answer to anything	Charlie Wilson's white gal is all outta whack in her tunin'! But I reckon he won't be respondin' to nothin'.
It's no fuckin way I'd be driving a 06 range rover WITH PAYMENTS just to say I gottarange rover. Nigga are stupid	There is no way I would drive a 2006 Range Rover with payments just to be able to say that I have aRange Rover. That's stupid	Ain't no way I'd get behind the wheel of a 2006 Range Rover with them monthly payments, just so I could brag about havin' a Range Rover. That's plum foolish.
If you don't lose all your dignity when I Need A Hot Girl come on, thenwe could never be friends	If you don't lose your dignity when \"I Need a Hot Girl\" come on, thenwe could never be friends	If you don't let go of your self-respect when them boys come around hollerin' \"I Need me a Hot Girl,\" then we just couldn't be pals.
I don't either but bruh . Everything that's running in my mindhave to be a sin	I don't either but man, everything's running in my mind.That has to be a sin	I don't know 'bout that, but dang it all, my mind's goin' a hundred miles an hour. That there must be some kind of sin.
This trial is turning up the racism now we pulling the marijuanamakes black people angry card...	This trial is becoming racist because the judge is trying to say that weedmakes black people angry ide	This here trial's gettin' mighty racist, seeing as the judge is tryna claim that Mary Jane makes Black folks hulk mad.
Let me explain wasnt that funny but it was funny...people be hypingstuff up way too much	Let me explain, it wasn't that funny but it was funny. People over exaggeratestuff up way too muc	Let me tell ya, it weren't all that funny, but it did have me laughin'. Folks do tend to blow things way outta proportion.
I would like to know what juror b37 would do if her only son's witness was a Janteal whom he was on the phone withhim in his final hour.	I would like to know what juror b37 would do if her only son's witness was a Janteal who he was on the phone within his final hour	I'd like to find out what juror b37 would do if her last hour son's witness was some fella named Janteal, and they were on the phone together in his final hour.
Didn't mean to ruffle any feathers with my how much weight u gained since HSquestion...ok yea I did lol	I did not mean to be rude asking the, \"how much weight have you gained since high school\"question.  Actually, I did mean to be rude to be humorous	I didn't mean to come off as rude when I asked y'all, "How much weight have you put on since high school?" But the truth is, I did mean to be a little rude for the sake of bein' funny.
Did clarinet duets together in Ms. Louis class." I played the drums thejoin wit three joints connected	Did Clarinet duets together in Ms.Louis class.i played the drums to join with three joints connected	Did Clarinet duets go down in Ms. Louis' class. I was playin' the drums to jam along with 'em, connectin' three of 'em together.
loved the teaser video! Can I get more?! Hands down one of thesexiest men on the planet!!!	I loved the teaser video! Can I get more?! Hands down one of the sexiest men on the planet	I sure did enjoy that little sneak peek video! Ain't it the truth, them hands down, that fella is one of the sexiest men on this here planet. Can I see some more of that video?
hello Steven A me and my husband love the show we set the alarms for10am here in South FL	Hello, Steven A. My husband and I love the show. We set the alarms for10 AM here in south Florida	Howdy, Steven A. My marriage partner and I are right fond of that there show. We sets our alarm clocks for 10 o'clock mornin' here in south Florida.
Be commenting on my ig pics but wen yu see me in streets u act like yu Neva seen me lls... These social networksmake ppl weird ass shit!!	You comment on my Instagram pictures but when you see me in public, you act like you never seen me. These social networksmake people weird	You leave comments on my Insta pics, but when we run into each other in person, it's like you don't even know me. These here social networks sure do make folks act mighty strange.
So the flight is "potentially oversold" but they will sell me an upgraded boardingfor A1-15 for $40. Hmmmm.	The flight is \"potentially oversold\" but they will sell me an upgradefor A1-15 for $40.	The plane might be "mighty near sold out" but they's offerin' me an upgrade fer A1-15 for forty dollars.
A couple days off to get back to football and lifting and to get your head straight will be good foryou. You need a break.	A couple days off to get back into football, exercising, and getting your head straight will be good foryou. You need a break	Y'all got a few days off before hoppin' back into football. Some workouts, eatin' right, and clearin' yer mind will do ya good. Y'all deserve a break.
So my sup told me i can telecommute from another state. Wish i knew i hadthis option 3 years ago.	My supervisor tole me I can telecommute from another location.  Wish I knew I hadThis option three years ag	My boss told me I can work from home or another place. Ain't it sad I didn't know 'bout this choice three years back?
If Larry Langford wasn't in prison he woulda built that shit himself. Lol dudebelieved in making shit happen	larry Langford would have built that himserlf if he wasn't in prison. laugh out loud hebelieved in doing thing	Larry Langford'd a built that himself if he weren't in the big house. He-he believed in doin' things.
Ex's who been 2gether 3 plus years still talk from time 2 time just no that unlessthey really hate each other	Exes who have been together 3+ years still talk from time to time. Just know that. Unlessthey really hate each other.	Folks what was once married and been together for three year or more, they still gabbin' every now and then. But do keep in mind, if they truly can't stand the sight of each other, then that's a whole different story.
WHAT WHO DIS TAMAR OH HELL KNOW STOP HATE ON HER DAMN TEAMTAMARA. STAND. THE FUCK UP	Who is Tamara? Oh, stop hating on her teamTamara. Stand up	Who's Tamara, y'all? Aw, quit hatin' on Tamara's team. Show some respect, [stand up] for Tamara!
Today would be the perfect day to be tanning at thepool it's a heat wave!	Today would be the perfect day to tan at the pool. It's a heat wave	Today'd be pur-fekt for gettin' a tan by the pool. It's a real scorcher, a heat wave.
I don't knock the hussle...But do know technology always catches up...cuz they will pay a clown like me 2learn how to stop it.	I don't criticize the hustle. But I do know technology always catches up...because they will pay a clown like me tolearn how to stop it	I ain't critizin' the grind, but I do reckon technology'll catch up...'cause they'll pay a fool like me to learn how to slow it down.
Lol… From what I have read so far, it seems pretty good and a number of people have recommendedit. Hope your doing well.	From what I have read so far, it seems pretty good and a number of people have recommended it. I hope you are doing well	From what I got read here so far, it seem real nice and a heap of folks has told me it's good. I hopes you're doin' alright yerself.
If u seen what i seen u would sell drugs to if the shoe was on the other foothow could I judge u	If you’d seen what I’ve seen you would sell drugs too. If the shoe was on the other foot, how could I judge you?	If you'd a-seen what I've seen, you'd be sellin' drugs too. Now supposin' the shoe was on the other foot, how could I pass judgement on you?
I use to love McDonalds in college. Double cheeseburger value meals all willy nilly.Haven't had one since 09	I use to love McDonald's in college. Double cheeseburger value meals all crazy.I haven't had one since 2009	I reckon I used to take a likin' to them McDonald's burgers in my college days. Double cheeseburgers with them value meals, all sorts of wild. Ain't had me one since 2009.
Look at the troops along the DMZ. They'll be there forever. Then they're always trying toforce democracy on other countries.	Look at the troops along the DMZ. They'll be there forever. Then they're always trying toforce democracy on other countries	Look yonder at them soldiers stationed by the DMZ. They'll be settin' there for all eternity, or so it seems. But them folks is always tryin' to shove democracy down the throats of other nations.
I think the hood looks forward to folks dying so they can put out teddy bears and get together and drinkand smoke! Sad isn't it	I think that the neighborhood looks forward to everyone dying so they can put out some stuffed bears, get together, drink,and smoke! It's really sad right	I reckon that neighborhood's hopin' for everybody to pass on so they can stick some teddy bears outside, have a hootenanny, drink some moonshine, and light up a cigar! Ain't that a real downer?
pls save all comment til end of book...pls and thanks...den alley oopbook 2 ya Prophtyes lmao	Please save all comments until the end of the book. Please and thank you. Then, send The book to your Prophytes. That's funny, I'm laughing	Y'all save all y'all's comments till the very end of the book, please do. And thank you kindly. Then, send that there book on over to your Prophets. Haha, I'm jest tickled pink about that!
"I'll take off my socks so she can take a look atmy pedicure." - Stevie J	\"I'll take off my socks so she can take a look atmy pedicure.\" - Stevie	"I'm gonna take off my socks so she can have a peek at my toenail paint. "- Stevie
Changing the world is going to take much prayer,advocacy for human life and commitment to change the mindset ofourselves to pass to others.	Changing the world is going to take much prayer, advocacy for human life,and commitment to change the mindset ofourselves to pass to others	Changin' the world is gonna take a whole lotta prayin', speakin' up for human life, and stickin' to our guns when it comes to changin' our own minds and passin' it on to others.
I run a D or EE, depending on who makes the shoe. For me, though I'm more apt to geta larger size. Try Zappo's.	I wear a D or EE, depending on who makes the shoe. For me, though, I'm more apt to geta larger size. Try Zappo's	I takes a D or E, it depends on who made them there shoes. But for me, I'm more likely to need a bigger size. Give Zappo's a try.
Why is they talkin bout John cena during this match shut the fuck up king & that other guy wedon't give 2 fuck about	Why are they talking about John Cena during this match.  Shut up, King and the other guy wedo not care about	Why they goin' on 'bout John Cena durin' this here match. Shush now, King, and them other fellas. We don't give a hoot 'bout 'em.
So they said banana give u more energy then coffee! " really I gotta try that"I was thinking that 2	So they said that bananas give you more energy than coffee! \"I really have to try that\",I was thinking	Folks was sayin' that bananas gives you more pep in your step than a cup of joe! «Might as well give it a shot», I was ponderin'.
People getting mad cause the iPhone download taking three hours. You and the rest of the WORLD are tryingat the same time dumbass	People are getting mad because the iPhone downloads are taking three hours. You and the rest of the world are tryingat the same time, dumbass	Folks is gettin' might pissed off 'cause them iPhone downloads be takin' three hours. You and everybody else is tryin' at the same damn time.
he happy as shit he got a phone gon tell me "bitch you got my number" i waslike he happy as shot	He’s happy as shit that he got a phone. He told me “bitch, you got my number”. I waslike he’s happy as shit.	He's plum tickled that he got himself a phone. He told me "damn it, you got my number". I was like, he's plum tickled.
Ummm its Friday. That is all. Oan I needz me some more coffee.Who got on ankle socks.	Oh, it's Friday. That's all. Oh, and I need some more coffee.Who has ankle socks on	Well, it's Frida-y, that's all. An' 'bout that, I reckon I could use some more java. But what's this about ankle socks? Who's got 'em on?
Gmfu think I going to wash them dishes hell now got other kids and its noteven my go nigros trippy	They got me fucked up if they think I'm going to wash those dishes. Hell no. They got other kids and it's noteven my turn. People are crazy	They think I'm gonna wash them dishes if they've got me messed up good? Heck no. There's other kids doin' the dish-washin'. It ain't even my turn. Folks is nuts.
in fact, I get a little irritated with Usher sometimes. Seems to dance more than sing.Want my singers to sang!	In fact, sometimes I get a little irritated with Usher. He seems to dance more than sing. If he's a singer, he should be singing.	Fact is, there are times I gets a mite peeved with Usher. Seems like he dances more 'n he sings. If he's a singer, he oughta be singin'.
I no for a fact hoe! As a matter fact justleave me alone & carryon	I know it for a fact, whore! As a matter of fact, justleave me alone and carry on	I knows it fer sure, ya harlot! Fact is, just lemme be an' go 'head an' do whatcha gonna do.
AW OK KOOL I FEEL U DOE I GOT A INTERVIEW FOR BUGER KING 2MA SHID I HOPE I GET IT I NEED A JOBASAP BUT I STOP SMOKING	Aww, okay cool I understanding what you're saying though, I have an interview for Burger King tomorrow. Shit, I hope I get it I need a jobas soon as possible, but I stopped smoking	Aww, alright, I get what ya mean, but I got an interview at Burger King tomorrah. Shit, I sure hope I get it, I really need a job as soon as I can get one, but I quit smokin'.
- I jus feel hella hard nd people was in the hall allicould do was laugh !	I just feel a little different that people were in the hall. All I could do was laugh.	I jus feels a mite altered from folks what was in the hall. All I could do was giggle.
- He said " whats 3×3 " She said " 6 " im weak af whre df didshe go to skool at	He said, \"What's three times three?\" She said, \"Six.\" I'm surprised as fuck. Where the fuck didshe attend school	He said, "What's three times three?" She said, "Six." Lord have mercy on us. Must've been some backwoods school she went to.
He know how to turn me all the way on Lhh kissing nd bitting on my neck nd feelingmeh & ^_^||	He knows how to turn me all the way on. I love how kissing and biting on my neck and feelingme and cat	He knows how to get me real fired up. I sure do enjoy them kisses and him nibblin' on my neck and touchin' me and stuff, like a cat.
If you ask God to renew your mind, he will change your entire life.... thank youfor a great word ...	If you ask God to renew your way of thinking, He will change your entire life. Thank youfor a great sermon	If y'all ask God to refresh your way of thinkin', He'll turn your whole life around. Much obliged for a fine sermon.
I personally think memphis has best squad in west. Best defense in my opinion, playsdifferent style in the west.	I personally think Memphis has the best team in the West. Best defense in my opinion, plays adifferent style in the West	In my book, Memphis got the finest team in the Western Conference. Best defense, ask me, they play a whole different game out West.
what team you think most likely wants to get another 1st round pickthat can trade with NE?	What team do you think most likely wants to get another first round pick that can trade with the Nebraska Cornhuskers	Which team y'all figure got the best chance of gettin' another first round draft pick to swap with them Nebraska Cornhuskers?
I don't like the first pick either. I would rather have clemson WR or woods, or acorner or jesse will, but	i dont like the first one either. i would rather have a clemson wide receiver like corner jess	I don't care for the first one neither. I'd prefer havin' me a Clemson wide receiver, like Corner Jess.
Fina go do a client dreads ..gitta dress appropriate cuz I kni rhe whole hood fina be blowing n choosing ..Iaint goinjus getting this bread	I'm getting ready to go do a client's dreads. I have to dress appropriately because I know the whole area is going to be blowing and choosing. Iam not going just to make some money.	I'm fixin' to head out and do a client's dreads. I gotta dress right 'cause I know that whole place is gonna be blowin' and choosin'. Ain't goin' there just for the money.
i live in detroit, my boss bought some tickets to see pistons, but against bobcats, raptors etc. Can Iget a heat game! Haha	I live in Detroit, and my boss bought some tickets to see the Pistons play, but they’re against the Bobcats, Raptors, etc. Can Iget tickets to a good game?	I'm from Detroit, an' my boss bought us some tickets to witness them Pistons play. But them games ain't against none of them good teams like the Heat or the Spurs. So, y'all think I can get me some tickets to a better game?
BB & saban are so tight. I'm wondering why BB didn't take jessewill & barret j. Knees?	BB and Saban are very close. I'm wondering why BB didn't take JesseWill and Barret J. Knees	BB and Saban are real tight. Now, I'm ponderin' why BB didn't recruit JesseWill and Barret J. Knees.
dh12 lost me as a fan a long time ago. He needs tobe very productive this summer.	DH12 lost me as a fan a long time ago. He needs tobe very productive this summer.	DH12 done lost me as a supporter way back when. He better be makin' some serious moves this summer.
Deng has 5 Fouls so its a wrap for him... Boozer too.. But thatdamn nigga Butler killing us	Deng has five fouls, so it's over for him... Boozer too. But thatdamn guy Butler is killing us	Deng got himself five them fouls, so that's all she wrote for him... Boozer too. But that son of a gun Butler just keeps on killin' us.
25 grand for a guitar ??? I only get 20 dollars a week for allowance. Gonna tale me foreverto have enough money! Xx	$25,000 for a guitar? I only get $20 a week for my allowance. Going to take me foreverto have enough money	$25,000 for a guitar? Well, I only make $20 each week for my allowance. Gonna take me an awful long time to save up that much money.
I kno I dnt fit that "picture" so we jus having fun ..you'll be myfriend for life tho :/	I know I don't really fit that picture, so we're just having fun. You'll be my friend for life, though.	I reckon I don't quite match up to that there image, so we're jus' havin' a good time. You'll be my buddy forever, though.
growing up to be mature is good but don't grow to much.I fell in love with the boysfrom x factor remember that	Growing up to be mature is good, but don't grow too much. I fell in love with the boys from X factor. Remember that?	It's all right for a youngun' to grow up and get mature, but don't grow too big now. I reckon I was smitten with them X Factor boys, remember that?
Im up ..barely slept at all ..damn ppls decision can really effect your piece of mind ...been havingmini dreams all night smh	I am up. I barely slept at all. Damn people's decisions can really affect your piece of mind. I have been having mini dreams all night. Shaking my head.	I'm wide awake, but I sure didn't get much sleep last night. People's choices can really mess with your peace of mind. All night long, I kept havin' these little dreams. Can't make this stuff up.
Fake love comes and go when you are in need if help..real love comes and stayswith you through hard times!	Fake love comes and goes when you are in need of help. Real love comes and stayswith you through hard times	Fake love comes an' goes when you's in a bind an' need some aid. Genuine love comes an' sticks with ya through the tough times.
Educators cant control classrooms ..not because of ADHD ..but because of a lack ofdiscipline in the home. .	Educators can't control class rooms. Not because of ADHD, but because of a lack of discipline in the home.	Educators can't keep the classroom in order. Ain't 'bout no ADHD neither, but 'cause there's a shortage of discipline at home.
My views on marriage have not been that positive as of late.:-/ Sad, I know... *smh*	My views on marriage have not been that positive as of late.Sad, I know. I'm shaking my head	My thoughts 'bout marriage ain't been all sunny-side up these days. Ain't that sad? I'm just shakin' mah head.
I love Mellow People all that loud Sh*t For what tho???? But I Will turn Up Quickif you take Me Der	I love mellow people. All that loud shit. For what though? But I will turn up quick if you take me there	I sure do like them easy-goin' folks. All that loud stuff, though. What's the point, but if you lead me there, I'll ramp it up real quick.
He know he know the game he ain't no lame He know Im gonedo the best I can	He knows the game. He's not lame, and he knows I'm gone. I do the best I can.	He knows the ropes. Ain't no wimp about him, and he knows I ain't around no more. I give it my best shot.
you're not the only one confused and I'm trying to but itdoesn't seem like it will	You're not the only one who is confused. And I'm trying to, but itdoesn't seem like it will.	You ain't the only one gettin' lost in this here mess. An' I'm tryin', but it don't look like it's gonna work out.
prayin 4 u Dominic..if u need a ear or even jst 2 vent if no 1 else is there 2 listen i surely will...staystrong 4 u & urs	Praying for you, Dominic. If you need an ear or even just to vent if no one else is there to listen, I surely will. Staystrong for you and yours.	I'm prayin' for ya, Dominic. If you're feelin' like you need someone to lend an ear or even just to let off some steam if nobody else is around to listen, then I sure will. Keep on keepin' on for yourself and yours.
I hate to say it but talking freaky doesn't excite me anymoreits just like oh okay	I hate to say it, but talking freaky doesn't excite me anymore.It's just like, \"oh okay.\	I ain't gonna lie, but that crazy talk don't get me goin' no more. It's jus' like, "eh, alright."
That Shit Was Foul As'f! My ass was cryinggg & them folkss didnt have tosay shit us! Fuckedd Up	That shit was as foul as fuck! I was crying and those people didn't have to say shit to us! Fucked up	That there was as nasty as the devil! I was bawlin' and them folks didn't have to speak a word to us! Damned shameful.
Tears are steady pouring from my eyes. I hate that I haveto go through this alone.	Tears are steadily pouring from my eyes. I hate that I have to go through this alone	Tears is just keep on comin' outta my eyes. I can't stand havin' to go through this all by myself.
I Hope He Okay! Im Finna Go Home & Get In The Bed & JusstIDK! My night fuckedd up	I hope that he's okay. I am going to go home and get in bed. I just don't know, my night is ruined.	I hopes he's all right. Now, I'm fixin' to head on home and climb into bed. But, I don't knows, my whole night's been messed up.
You can either love me or hate me , wateva you do it wontmake me or break me..	You can either love me or hate me. Whatever you do, it will notmake me or break me.	Y'all can either love me or hate me. Whatever y'all do, it ain't gonna make me nor break me.
I gotta 30 and the numba that come after 8, left of one shot fromfive, take off his face..	I have 30, and the number that comes after eight. Left of one shot fromfive, take off his face.	I got thirty, an' the number right after eight. Shot left of him, five in the chamber, took his mug.
Lemme see wusup with this Westwood College. O...and The Famous soul food spot nearCamp Creek is on point!	Let me see what is up with this Westwood College. Oh, and the famous soul food spot nearCamp Creek is on point	Let me take a look at this here Westwood College. Lawd, and that well-known soul food place close to Camp Creek is really hittin' the mark.
I love it when i get off work and come home to my babygirl she be missing me	I appreciate it when I am finished with work and come home to girlfriend.She misses me	I sure do like comin' home after work an' findin' my sweetheart waitin' for me. She's been missin' me something fierce.
naw bra she came at me like she always do and i shut her fat kneck ass down u goelearn bitch 2 respoect people	No, man, she came at me like she always does, and I shut her fat neck ass down. You have to learn, bitch, to respect people	No, sir, she came after me just like she usually does, and I put a stop to her. You best figure it out, gal, and show some respect to folks.
not a thing..but what's wrng with not gettin one? It's a healthy hair type thing, not really a I'mtryna to impress you thing	Not a thing, but what's wrong with not getting one? It's more of a healthy hair type, not like I'm trying to impress you or anything.	Ain't nothin' wrong with that, but why do ya gotta have one? It's more about havin' a natural, healthy hair type, not tryin' to impress nobody or nothin'.
WHY DO YOU FEEL THE NEED TO TALK ON THE SPEAKER PHONE WTF I DON'T NEED TO HEARYOUR DAMN CONVO FUCKING LAME	Why do you feel the need to talk on the speaker phone? What the fuck, I don't need to hearyour damn conversation. Fucking lame	Why in tarnation you feel compelled to yack on that blasted speakerphone? Hell's bells, I ain't got no business hearin' your dang conversation. Damn boring if you ask me.
French montana and his music are a joke 2 me don't even take bra serious..... Like how do u style kanye andying yang twins ad libs	French Montana and his music are a joke to me, I don't even take him seriously. Like how do you style Kanye andYing Yang Twins' ad-libs	French Montana and his music just ain't worth nothin' to me. I don't even consider him a real contender. And as for styin' Kanye's and Ying Yang Twins' ad-libs, well, that's a whole other ball game.
It's going to rain in a few which means two goodnaps in one day lol	It's going to rain in a while, which means two goodnaps in one day, I'm laughing at that	In a bit, it's gonna rain, and that means two real nice naps in just one day. I'm just laughin' about that.
Bitches get fucked on the roof when I aint got nohotel doe ~ Big L	I have sex with girls on the roof when I don't have anymoney for a hotel room - Big	I been havin' me some sex with gals up on the rooftop when I ain't got no money for no hotel room - Big
So I guess Mobile Heights the only one getting rain ....ain'tthis bout a B word	So, I guess, Mobile Heights is the only one getting rain... Isn'tthis about a B word	Well, I reckon Mobile Heights is the on'y one gettin' rain... Ain't that 'bout a B word? (It seems like there might be a missing word in the original sentence.)
Got a long day ahead of me tomorrow finna call ita nite after the game	I have a long day ahead of me tomorrow. I'm going to call ita night after the game	Tomorrow's got a long string of things for me to do. After the game, I reckon I'll call it an early night.
When I get back in here from work I got some rice waiting on me S/O to my grandmashe look out at times	When I get back in here from work, I got some rice waiting on me. Shout out to my grandma.She is helpful at times	When I gets back in here from work, I got some rice settin' on me. Shout out to my grandma. She's real helpful at times.
I done pulled myself together just to wrap my hair back up& get in the bed	I have done my morning routine just to tie my hair back up and get back in the bed.	I done went ahead and did mah mornin' rituals, jus' to get mah hair all tied back up and git back into bed.
Anyone ISO a DJ for Sunday Father's Day? I'm available. Call me 410-645-0495; M - F,9am-5pm. I do Karaoke too!	Is anyone searching for a DJ for Father’s Day on Sunday? I’m available. Call me at 410-645-0495, Monday through Friday,9AM-5PM. I play music for karaoke too	Y'all lookin' for a DJ for Father’s Day on Sunday? I'm here and ready to go. Give me a call at 410-645-0495, Mondays through Fridays, 9AM-5PM. I also do karaoke if y'all are interested.
What ever happened to those nice men that made that song "White Tee"? I'm tired of ppl looking at me funnywhen I play that song	What ever happened to those nice men who made that sing \"White Tee?\" I'm tired of people looking at me strangelywhen I play that song	I reckon them good ol' fellas what sung about \"White T-Shirt?\" I'm plum tuckered out from folks givin' me the side eye when I crank up that tune.
I was at the show when they last had Nas....he was on his knees in the rain performing OneMic and niggas was booing"	I was at the show when they last had Nas on... He was on his knees in the rain performing \"OneMic\" and people were booing	I was at that there show when they last had Nas performin'... He was down on his knees in the pourin' rain, doin' "OneMic", and folks were hollerin' boos.
WHY IT HAD TO BE THAT WAY YOUR WRONG DEAD WRONG TELL ME HOW HOW WE. CAN WE GO ON SEVEN. HOLE DAYYES I LOVE. THIS. SONG	WHT IT HAD TO BE IN THAT WAY, YOUR WRONG , TELL ME HOW WE CAN GO ON SEVEN. HOLIDAYI LOVE THIS SON	WHAT had to be that way, you're wrong 'bout that. Tell me now, how we gonna make it on seven? I LOVE this son-of-a-gun HOLIDAY!
I read dis tweet of women stress,& I think women shuld think alot more cuz maby if dey did dey culd solve sum deyown problems & b happier.	I read a tweet of a stressed woman, and I think that women should think a lot more. Maybe if they did, they could solve some of their own problems and be happier.	I read a tweet 'bout a frazzled woman, an' I reckon women oughta think a whole lot harder. Maybe if they done that, they could figure out some of their own troubles and be more contented.
I aint gone lie,sumtimes im scard of being myself bt wanna kill those who make me feel dat way though its my fault btcant help who I am	I not going to lie, sometimes I am scared of being myself but I want to kill those who make me feel that way though it is my fault butI can't help who I am	I ain't gonna sugarcoat it, there's times I'm plumb terrified 'bout bein' myself. But I reckon I gotta take out them folks what makes me feel that way, even if it's my own fault and I can't help who I am.
We do this EVERY summer jam. Think of scenarios where Hov can come out.We used to this shit."	We do this every Summer Jam. Think of scenarios where Jay-Z can come out. We are used to this shit.	Every year durin' Summer Jam, we think 'bout situations where Jay-Z might make an appearance. It's just somethin' we've come to expect.
Rammstein is awsome.These niggas hav guitars wit flamethrowers aleast 20feet of flames wen playin a fret.Imma trydat on july4th if possible	Rammstein is awesome. These black men have guitars with flamethrowers, at least 20 feet of flames, when playing. I am going to trythat on July 4th, if possible.	Rammstein's real purty. Dem black fellas got guitars with flame-shooters, at least twenty foot long flames, when they play. Me gonna try that on July 4th, if I can.
most people compared the andrew luck & rg3 draft to manning and leaf. What was ryan leaf like andhow do the two compare?	Most people compared the Andrew Luck & RG3 draft to Manning and Leaf. What was Ryan Leaf like, and how do the two compare?	Most folks made comparisons between the drafts of Andrew Luck and RG3 to Peyton Manning and Eli Manning, or Leaf and Manning. Now, what was Ryan Leaf like, and how do these two quarterbacks stack up against each other?
if yo lady got one, you prolly need to add to your game. Vibrators and dildosshould damage a niggas ego.	If your girlfriend has one, you should get better at sex. Vibrators and dildos should be embarrassing to you. You should be embarrassed.	If your girl's got one, you better get good at that lovin'. Vibrators and dildos, they oughta make you red-faced. But you, you oughta be red-faced.
I wish I knew how 2 erase personal messegages I sent in regrettion. Yea I regret amessage or 2 I sent.	I want a take back on my messages that i sent. The few messages.	I'd like to retract them messages I sent, just a few of 'em.
I'm hiding in the grand canyon fuck it, ima make it through theese 12 hrslol. Gotta hide the car.	I'm hiding in the Grand Canyon, fuck it. I'm going to make it through these twelve hours.I'm laughing. I have to hide the car	I'm hidin' in the Grand Canyon, damn it. I'm gonna see this through, these here twelve hours. I'm chucklin'. Gotta hide that car.
what channel are yall on today, I missed the show yesterday because comcast said there was a baseballgame on. What time also.	What channel are you guys on today? I missed the show yesterday because Comcast said there was a baseballgame on. Also, what time?	Which TV channel y'all on today? I missed y'all's show yesterday 'cause Comcast told me there was a baseball game on. Plus, what time was it?
Nigga my palette has been spoiled ..I can't come back home and make the same pastaafter eating this italian authenticity	Black person, my palette has been spoiled. I can't come home and make the same pastaafter eating this authentic Italian food	A Black person, my friend, my taste buds have been ruined. I can't go back home and cook the same pasta after having tasted this authentic Italian food.
Wait wait did i just see someone tweet and say j cole albumis better than the yeezy	Wait, wait, did I just see someone Tweet and say J. Cole's albumis better than The Yeezy	Hold up, hold up, did I jus' see somethin' Tweeted an' said J. Cole's album is bettah than The Yeezy's?
Mogs keep asking me where my people are from..I say america and there like no before they came there..Damnit I dunno specifically where	People keep asking me where my ancestors are from and I say America. They're like \" No before they came here\". Damn it. I don't know specifically.	Folks keeps askin' me 'bout where my ancestors originated from and I tell 'em America. But they go on about "No, before they came here." Dang it. I don't rightly know specifically.
in all honesty, any top 20 QB would be great with Larry Fitz. Carson did throw for 4000yds if I'm not mistaken.	To be honest, my top 20 Quarterback would be Larry Fitz. Carson did throw for 4000yards, if I'm not mistaken.	Now y'all better believe it, my top twenty Quarterbacks'd include Larry Fitz. I reckon Carson threw the ball over four thousand yards, if I ain't got that wrong.
Bay was arguing me dwn when we have a baby if its a boy he gone be ajr.NO THAA HELL HE AINT	My partner was arguing with me about when we have a baby. If it's a boy, he's going to be ajunior. No, the hell he isn't	My partner was arguin' with me 'bout when we gon' have us a baby. If it's a boy, he's fixin' to be an junior. No, the hell he ain't.
In other news Paula dean hired the real life Olivia popeto fix her situation ..	In other news, Paula Dean hired the real life Olivia Popeto fix her situation.	In other news, Paula Dean hired the real-life Olivia Popeto help her out with her troubles.
i was gonna initially do the 4th but now i gotta wait till mymoney is back in order	I was trying to aim for the fourth, but there is now a delay. I ran out of money.	I was shootin' for the fourth one, but somethin' come up and delayed it. Run outta cash, I did.
Ion fckk wit to many bxtchess ,cause these bxtch these dayss eithaa fakeor messy ,if not both	I like to keep my social circle small because of the superficial attitudes of many individualssome people I choose not to associate with are either dysfunctional, superficial, or both	I prefer havin' a small group of friends 'cause of the shallow ways some folks behave. There's some people I don't mingle with no more. They're either dysfunctional, shallow, or both.
Shout to angela for remaining professional ... You know her and bow wow discussed that red carpetinterview prior to it happening	Shout out to Angela for remaining professional... You know her and Bow Wow discussed that red carpetinterview prior to it happening	Y'all holler at Angela for keepin' it classy... You know 'bout her and Bow Wow talkin' 'bout that red carpet interview afore it went down.
Ian scared to tell NOBODY i love my boyfriend ,it is what it is ,canthelp who uu fall fah	I'm not scared to tell ANYBODY. I love my boyfriend, it is what it is. I can'tHelp who you fall for	I ain't afraid to tell EVERYBODY. I do love me a boyfriend, and that's just how it is. Can't help who you end up lovin'.
So , Over These Niaqqa'ss ! It's Been There Done That! I'm Faithful To Mine	So over these n-words! It's, \"been there, done that.\"I'm faithful to my partner	I'm plum tired of these here folks! It's all been "been there, done that" for me. But I'm loyal to my significant other.
We use to be talkin bout stuff && ppl aint knowtf we be talkin bout	We used to talk about stuff and people didn't even knowwhat the fuck we were talking about	We'd sit around yakkin' 'bout things, an' folks didn't have no clue what in tarnation we was on about.
My momma Is Up In The Kitchen Listeinqq 2 Daa The OMG Gurls ! I Thinkk SheStill Drunk From Lastniqht !	My mother is up in the kitchen, listening to the OMG Girls! I think she is still drunk from last night	My mama's up in the kitchen, listenin' to them OMG Girls! I reckon she's still soused from last night.
Lmaoooo ,nawl hoe ,yeen smackin shit ,only one touchin my ass is KENDRAVIUS , && hoemy ass aint sloppy neither	Laughing my ass off, no, whore, you're talking shit. The only one touching my ass is Kendravius and, whore,my ass isn't sloppy either	Hahaha, no way, you low-class woman, you're talkin' trash. The only one puttin' his hands on my ass is Kendravius, and you, low-class woman, my ass ain't greasy neither.
Is it wrong for females to use a nigga for pleasure ,??? I mean niggasuse females all the time	Is it wrong for women to use a man for pleasure? I mean, menuse women all the tim	Is it right or wrong for ladies to use a gent for enjoyment? I reckon men do the same to women plenty.
Ian trippin i was finna put ha out ,call another busy body bringha in && work out	I'm not losing it. I was going to put her out, call another busy body, bringher in, and work out	I ain't losin' my marbles. I was fixin' to evict her, call another nosey parker, bring 'em in, and work somethin' out between us.
Quint Jerry and Marlo Want Me Ta Come Ta B.C. RainThey Needa Come Ta Murphy	Quint,Jerry, and Mario want me to come to B.C. Rain.They need to come to Murphy	Quint, Jerry, and Mario is askin' me to come to B.C. Rain in their parts. They gotta come to Murphy for somethin'.
lol causee man i was new to thaa shi ,yah kno .?,but i gotchaa li'baby !	I'm laughing. Because, man, I was new to that shit, you know?But I got you, little baby	I's laughin'. Cause, dang it, I was new to that mess, you understand? But I gotcha, sweetheart.
But I just always keep stuff like that to my self but sometimes doingthat fucks up my days	But I just always keep certain thing to myself but sometimes that's what upsets me most days.	But I jus' keeps certain things to my own self, but times that's what makes me the most upset on most days.
Go To Bed , Wake Up &Go back .... My grandma work hersaggy shyt better den yu	Go to bed, wake up and go back. My grandmother worked hersaggy body better than you	Go on now and hit the sack, then get up and do it all over again. My grandma worked her old self harder than you.
positive it's not yours - cooked in. I had a dream (nightmare?) about it last night. Yes - this isthe shit i dream about	I'm positive it's not yours. I had a dream about it last night. And yes, these are the things that I dream about.	I'm dead certain it ain't yours. I had me a dream 'bout it last night. Yessiree, them's the kind of things I dream 'bout.
awesome! Enjoy! If you have some free time you should stop by for a glass onthe patio. Super cool place.	That is awesome, enjoy! IF you have some free time, you should stop by for a glass onthe patio. Super cool place.	Dang that's neat, go ahead and have fun! If you got yourself some spare time, you oughta swing by for a cold one on the patio. Real swanky place.
When we was all in our feelin earlier he was like "&& thats why ima marry you && spoil thaa fuck'chaa,jus keep holdinme dwn like you do"	When we were all having feelings earlier, he said that's why I'm going to marry you and spoil everything. Just keep holding me down like you do.	When we was all feelin' somethin' earlier, he went and said that's why I'm fixin' to marry you and ruin it all. Just keep holdin' me down like you do.
ion kno ,yours that sunday && mines that thursday ,my mama said shemight get me a room	I don't know. Yours is that Sunday and mine is that Thursday. My mom said shemight get me a room	I don't know. Yours is that Sunday and mine is that Thursday. My mama said she might be gettin' me a room.
I wish i had app to let me kno who ne askin these questionson ask cause i swear	I wish I had an app to let me know who were asking these questions when I ask them because it's difficult.	I sure do wish I had me an app so it could tell me who was askin' these here questions when I ask 'em, 'cause it ain't easy.
I am such a huge fan you are a amazing singer and a role model to everyone maygod blessed you on everything.	I am such a huge fan. You are an amazing singer and a role model to everyone. MayGod bless you on everything	I'm plumb tickled for you, partner. Your voice is somethin' else, and you set a fine example for all us folks. God bless you in every way.
That was my first time seein my mama && daddy argue like det &&ian like it AT ALL	That was my first time seeing my parents aregue like that and I didn't like it at all.	That was the first time I seen my mama and daddy go at it like that and it sure didn't sit right with me none.
People only look at the bad things but they don't recognize allthe good u have done	People only look at the bad things, but they don't recognize all the good things you've done	Folks just focus on the negative stuff, but they ain't payin' no mind to all the fine things you've done.
Looking for my baby a new bedroom crib set ugh it's not easy to do somany options to choose from	I'm looking for a new bedroom crib set for my baby. It's not easy to do and there are so many options to choose from.	I'm on the hunt fer a new bedroom crib set for my babe. Ain't no easy feat, an' there's a whole lotta choices to be made.
ion even know why u keep putting stuff on here but u juss made statusabout a nigga u miss	I don't even know why you keep putting stuff on here, but you just made a statusabout a guy you miss	I don't reckon I know why you keep postin' things on here, but you jus' made a post 'bout a fella you miss.
I'm happy it's over. She went from in "love" with bill to his son. Went after a takenman and killed his baby	I am happy that it's over. She went from being in love with Bill to being in love with his son. She went after a takenman and killed his baby.	I'm real pleased that it's all done with. She used to be smitten with this fella named Bill, but then she come to be smitten with Bill's son instead. She chased after a man what was already taken and ended up takin' his baby's life.
oh! I haven't got that message but I'm getting off ofit my bill already high	Oh! I haven't gotten that message, but I'm getting off ofit because my bill is already high	Well, I ain't got that there message yet, but I reckon I better sign off now 'cause my phone bill's already stackin' up.
Chief Keef told police it's a fast car that's why I bought it.... Ican't be mad at him	Chief Keef told the police that it's a fast car, and that's why I bought it. I can't be mad at him.	Chief Keef told the lawmen that it's a real quick motorcar of mine, and that's the reason I went and got myself one. Can't be mad at him none.
Can't believe some bitch ass tried to call my insurance company and say I was involved ina hit and run. Foh	I can't believe some bitch ass tried to call my insurance company and say I was involved ina hit and run. Get the fuck out of here	I can't believe some low-down, no-good person called my insurance company tryin' to pin a hit and run on me. Beat it, you're not wanted here.
I want your energy to take control of me, I go to sleep Isee you in my dreams!☺	I want your energy to take control of me. I go to sleep and Isee you in my dreams	I wanna have ya energy takin' over me. I goes to bed an' I sees you in my dreams.
If back in the day they had Gatorade in glass bottles... I think theyshould bring that back lol	Back in the day, they put Gatorade in glass bottles... I think theyshould bring that back. I'm laughing.	Way back when, they'd put Gatorade in glass bottles, I reckon they oughta bring that back again. I'm just laughin'.
everytime I say it she call me gay lol" she told me but yours little jasI was like I no	She accuses me of jealousy every time I comment. i disagre	She keeps accusin' me of bein' jealous every time I put in my two cents. I don't agree.
I have to get breakfast I went to sleep hungry bc it was toolate to eat last night	I have to get breakfast. I went to sleep hungry because it was toolate to eat last night.	I gots to git me some breakfast. I went an' slept empty-handed 'cause it was too late to be eatin' last night.
click the burrito you want then do the drink... Put in promo code and then youput in the card number	Click the burrito you want then do the drink. Put in promo code and then youput in the card number	Click the burrito you like an' then do the drink. Enter the promo code an' then you enter the card number.
fck u 50 , u a old head goin to matinee " this the best time! No lines and peace	Fuck you, 50, you're an old person going to a matinee. This is the best time!There are no lines and it's peaceful	"Fuck you, 50, you're an old timer goin' to a matinee. This here's the best time! There ain't no lines and it's real quiet."
I use to think about immature things.... Like. Do you love me? Do you want me? You gon call melike you said you would?	I used to think about immature things, like do you love me? Do you want me? Are you going to call melike you said you would	I used to ponder over immature stuff, like ya'll love me? Ya'll want me? Ain't ya'll gonna call me, like ya'll said ya would.
"I knew ppl was gonna go overboard They on there suckingdick and fucking "" completely !	I knew people were going to go overboard. They are on there suckingdick and fucking completely.	I knew folks was gonna get carried away. They's on there blowin' dick and fuckin' plumb crazy.
& I got out here just In time to put my car on theother side of the street	And I got out here just in time to put my car on theother side of the street	An' I got out heah jus' in time to park mah car on the other side of dis street.
For all my Greeks going to the AGP check out Greekedup Cobooth for your nalia needs!	For those of you in Greek life going to AGP, you should check out Greekedup Co. The booth for your paraphernalia needs.	Folks in the Greek life headin' to AGP, y'all oughta swing by Greekedup Co. Their booth is where you wanna go for all your Greek life stuff needs.
everytime u don't get your way don't call u, u ain't a real friend!"Oh I'm not whore ok"	Anytime you don't get your way, I shouldn't call you? You aren't a real friend. I'm not a whore, alright	Anytime you ain't gettin' what you want, I shouldn't be callin' you? You ain't my true friend. I ain't no harlot, alright?
Bruh. When I walk in the pizza place I don't want to see yo asschomping on a pizza stick.	Brother, when I walked inthe pizza place, I don't to see youeating pizza on a stick	Brother, when I went into that pizza place, I didn't want to see you eatin' pizza on a stick.
"Nas heard your single and he hate that shit""" I sure hedoesn't care Wht u think	Nas heard your single, and he hates it. I'm sure he doesn't care what you think.	Nas heared your sing-song, an' he can't stand it. I reckon he don't give a hoot 'bout whatcha think.
Pop pussy baby show them niggAHs you ain't scared in here. Shake them titties baby shoe then niggayou ain't scared in here	Girl is showing off her goods with no fear. Dont be afraid.	Girl's showin' off her stuff with nothin' but guts. Don't you be scared.
This whole moving this is so frustrating. Cause I don't want a lease somewhere Idon't plan on staying long.	This whole moving situation is so frustrating because I don't want to lease somewhere Idon't plan on staying long	This whole movin' thing is makin' me real frustrated 'cause I don't wanna sign a lease for someplace I ain't gonna be stayin' long.
girl it takes me 2wks to wash by that time I haveto wash again lol" smh	Girl, it takes me two weeks to do laundry, by the time the two weeks has passed, it's already timefor me to do laundry again. Laughing out loud and shaking my head	Girl, it takes me two solid weeks to get my laundry done, by the time them two weeks has rolled around, it's already time for me to start all over again. Just laughin' and shakin' my head.
I get so excited when I realize it's almost 4:00... Then I remember that Idon't get off until 5:00	I get so excited when I realize it's almost 4:00... Then, I remember that Idon't get off until 5:00	I gets all worked up when I recalls near 'bout 4:00... But then, I recalls I don't git off till 5:00.
Un petit chapeau rigolo, don à la tête, don à la tête. Avec un poulet jaune, en les poissons... Surun bateau, sur un bateau	A funny little hat, gift to the head, gift to the head. With a yellow chicken, in the fish ... On a boat, on a boat	That's a real quirky cap, somethin' for the top of the head, somethin' for the top of the head. Got a yellow chicken figurine, in the mix, in the fish... On a boat, on a boat.
Ctfuu! I'm saying & it's funnier cause we just talked aboutlame ass people doing that	Shut the fuck up! I'm saying, and it's funnier because we just talked aboutlame ass people doing that	Shut your damn mouth! I'm the one talkin', and it's even funnier 'cause we was just talkin' 'bout those unfunny folks doin' that.
I'm nosey sometimes Damn right imma peep when I think something ain't right fuck who do like it I ain'there to make u happy	I pry into others business, yes I do, I'm going to look when I think something isn't right. Screw whoever doesn't like it, I'm nothere to please you	I'm real nosy about other folks affairs, yessiree, I'm gonna poke my nose in when I suspect something ain't quite right. Ain't nobody's business but mine, I ain't here to make friends or please you.
Smh Pull, pull pull yo track pull them out your hair she gonna scream tillthey all fall down everywear	Shaking my head. Pull, pull, pull your track. Pull them out of your hair. She is going to scream untilthey all fall down everywhere.	Nodding my head no. Come on now, yank those tracks. Yank 'em outta your head. She's gonna holler until they all hit the ground, every last one of 'em.
Ion even know dat broad...but she know...u cant be cool wit everybody nomatter how right it is	I don't even know that woman. But she knows you can't be cool with everybody, no matter how correct it is	I don't reckon I know that there woman. But she thinks you can't be friends with everbody, no matter how right it might be.
America is boring...I want something new everything is so repetitive...wanna be's afraidto be themselves, weave, ect.....	America is boring. I want something new. Everything is so repetitive: inauthentic people afraid to be themselves, people with weaves, etc	America's just plain ol' dull. I need somethin' fresh and exciting. Everythang's so monotonous: phony folks scared to be true to themselves, folks with wigs, an' so on.
I'm ready for football season!!! The NBA is full of pussies who cry about everything ohh my how the gamehas changed over the years	I am ready for football season! The National Basketball Association is full of cowards who cry about everything. Oh my! How the gamehas changed over the years	I'm all set for footbal' season, y'all! But the National Basketball Association, now that's a whole different ballgame. Seems like there's a whole lot of whiners in that league, cryin' about every little thing. My, my! How times have changed since back in the day!
All the Big Name Mob MF's got their money on a 7 game series..if y'all think MIAMI not gowin this game y'all trippin...	All the big-name Mafia motherfuckers received their money on a 7-game series. If everyone thinks Miami is not goingto win this game, you are crazy	All them big-name Mafia fellas got their money durin' a 7-game series. If everybody thinks Miami ain't gonna win this here game, then they plum crazy.
The SPURS aren't hardly playing like they did last game...I have never seen so many turnovers n my life fromthis team..hmmm I wonder why?	The Spurs are hardly playing like they did the last game. I have never seen so many turnovers in my life fromthis team. Hmmm I wonder why	The Spurs ain't playin' near as good as they did in that last game. I've seen more turnovers than I can count from this here team. Hmm, I do wonder why.
Really Jamie Foxx?! get your hands off my Jordan's WTF!!! He justset us back once again	Jamie Foxx was wearing the shoes he wanted. His actions put us behind.	Jamie Foxx had them shoes on he liked. Him doin' what he did put us in a hole.
This is prolly the easiest night to get some ass nMiami especially if they win!!	This is probably the easiest night to find a mate in Miami especially if they win	This here's prob'ly the simplest night for findin' a sweetheart in Miami, specially if they done won somethin'.
When Your Ex likes Your Pics On Instagram >>>>>>>>>>>> I Be Like YeeeeeaaahhhhhhhBitch, You Want Me Back	When your ex likes your pictures on instagram. I thinkyou want me back.	When your ol' sweetheart is likin' your pics on Instagram, I reckon you's hankerin' for me to be back.
I hate to say it but a lot these niggas on twitter lame as fuck how canu possibly tweet that much	I hate to say it, but a lot of these dudes on Twitter are lame as fuck. How canyou possibly tweet that much	I hate to admit it, but a whole lotta these fellas on Twitter is real weak sauce. How in the world you suppose to tweet that much?
Damn I'm tired glad I only gotta couple weeks left my plant shutdown allof July goin to Miami	Damn, I'm tired. I'm glad I only have to work a couple weeks now. My plant is shutting down, and allof us are going to Miami in July	Dang, I'm plum tuckered out. I'm mighty pleased about havin' just a few more weeks of work now. My factory's shuttin' down, and us lot is headin' on down to Miami in July.
I got a pa day I'm use for work tires as hell can't go in todayplus it feel good 2day	I got a paid off day I'm going to use for work. I'm tired as hell and can't go in today.Plus it feels good today	I got me a comp'ny paid-off day I's gonna use for work. But I'm plumb tuckered out an' can't go in today. It just feels real good today.
Its crazy cause niggas lie to they HOES sayin they dont have a girlfriend buthave a whole one smh	It is crazy because black men lie to their hoes, saying they do not have a girlfriend, buthave a whole one. Shaking my head.	It's nuts 'cause black fellas fib to their sweethearts, tellin' 'em they ain't got no girlfriend, but they do. My head is shakin'.
The Higher You Go In Life The Less Noise You Will Hear (less people at the top) If Its To Noisy In Your Life TakeIt Up A Notch!!!LETS GO!!!	The higher you go in life the less noise you will hear (less people at the top). If it is too noisy in your life, takeit up a notch! Let's go	The higher you climb in life, the fewer hullabaloo you'll hear (fewer folks at the top). If the ruckus in your life is just too much, crank it up another notch! Let's go!
My Thought Of The Day: I Don't Make Many Promises But Here It Goes, Dear Life I Promise ToGive You My Best Shoot!!!	Thought of the day: I don't make many promises, but I promise to give life my best shot!	Thought for the day: Ain't many promises I make, but I swear on my mama's grave, I'm gonna put my heart and soul into livin'!
I hate dis clown ass nigga mane I don't believe shythe say smh lol rs	I hate this clown-ass black man. I do not believe shithe says. Shaking my head. Laughing out loud. Real shit.	I can't stand this here black man actin' like a fool. I don't trust a word he says. Just shakin' my head and laughin' out loud. That's the real deal.
Spent the day with my youngest daughter, first it was ice cream, then it was shopping, now we r on theswings then off to dinner	I spent the day with my youngest daughter. First, it was ice cream, then it was shopping, now we are on theswings. Then, off to dinner	I spent the day with my youngest little girl. First things first, it was ice cream, then it was shoppin', now we's on them swings. Then, off to dinner.
The emojis I just sent Quinton. Kml, we think alike so Ikhe's qonna qet it .	The emojis that I just sent to Quinton, it's so funny! We think alike so I knowhe is going to understand it.	The little pictures, or emojis, that I jus' sent to Quinton, it's jest ticklin' me! Us thinkin' the same way, I reckon he's gonna get it.
You think that shit phase me? Luv, you was just a convo piece. That's it. You jumped to conclusions. Nowyou feel played... Oh well!!	You that shit phases me? Love, you were just a conversation piece. That's it. You jumped to conclusions. Now,you feel played... Oh, well	You think that kinda thing don't rattle me? Love, you was jus' somethin' to talk about. That's all. You jumped to conclusions. Now, you feel like you got played... Well, I guess that's life sometimes.
I think It was last year when they chased that car toEC and shot it up	I think it was last year when they chased that car toEC and shot it up	I reckon it was about last year when they run that car all the way to EC an' shot it full of holes.
I love when the o's have a day game during the week. Listening to a baseball game on the radio and coding aretwo of my favorite things.	I love when the O's have a day game during the week. Listening to a baseball game on the radio and coding aretwo of my favorite things	I really get a holler outta me when the O's got themselves a mid-week day game. Ain't nothin' like listenin' to some ol' baseball game on the radio while I'm codin'. Those two things right there, they just go hand in hand for me.
I won't say dat...cuz I know a lot of ppl dat didn't settle, but itdidn't take 3 months tho...	I won't say that because I know a lot of people that didn't settle, but it didn't take 3 months though.	I ain't gonna say that 'cause I know plenty folks that never did settle down, but it didn't take three whole months neither.
i may be dum, but im not the biggest jerk...nor the ugliestcuz u got that title	I may be stupid, but I'm not a huge fool nor the ugliestbecause you have that title	I might be a dumb ol' boy, but I ain't no big ol' fool or the ugliest one 'round here. You got that title.
dat all goes back to accepting accountability of ones outcome...want the glorybut none of the blame.	That all goes back to accepting accountability of one's outcome. They want the glorybut none of the liability	That's all 'bout takin' responsibility fer yer consequences. They hanker after the praise, but they don't wanna take on none of the blame.
I neva understood the reason for the differnt tracks...I just can't waittil they off my commute	I never understood the reason for the different tracks. I just can’t waituntil they’re no longer part of my commute	I neva did get why there was all them different train tracks. Ain't nobody got time to wait till they ain't part of my daily drive no more.
I'm being true. I was expecting word dat Rose been killing niggaz bynow...nothing in the circuit. Nada!	I'm going to be true. I was expecting word of that Rose person killing brothers bynow... Yet I've heard nothing. Nothing	I's gon' tell the truth. I was figurin' I'd hear 'bout that Rose fella killin' brothas by now... But nothin'. Nothin' at all.
well look at chu, u lil lurker...I already discussed with dion. I said I will doshow...Just wasn't for "event" sheesh	Well look at you, you little lurker. I already discussed with Dion. I said I will dothe show. It just wansn't for the \"event\"	Well, looky here, you sneaky peeker. I done talked it over with Dion. I told him I'll be doin' the show. It wasn't about that "event," though.
naw, i think i used the video the publisher had on website...its not dat hard...but denagain imma Techie 2 so....	No, I think I used the video the publisher had on the website. It's not that hard. But thenagain, I'm technically proficient, too, so..	No, I believe I used the video what the publisher had on their website. Ain't that just somethin'? But then, I reckon I'm pretty tech-savvy, too, so...
I figga a few hussle pts should allow him to get a few buckets...but over allAntp give em dat work	I figure a few hustle points should allow him to get a few buckets. But overall,Antp give them that work.	I reckon a few extra effort points oughta let him grab a few baskets. But all in all, Antp puts in the hard work.
im sure some goofy will settle 4 the win and wife her...or sheaccept his 4 baby mommas...	Some loser will end up dating her and marrying her. Or she ends up with a guy with multiple kids from different moms.	Some poor sap is gonna wind up courtin' her and marryin' her. Or she winds up with a fella gots kids from several mamas.
on this domestic ish rite now but imma move around after I hoop tho. I gotchu yo copy in truck	I'm involved in this domestic shit right now, but I'm going to move around after I play basketball, though. I've gotyou. Your copy is in the truck	I'm smack dab in the middle of this family business goin' on at the moment, but afterwards, I'll be movin' around once I finish playin' basketball. I gotcha covered. Your copy is in the back of the truck.
the min I sent it I was like...wait this Nate...den itwas 2 late. smh lol	The minute I sent it, I was like... wait this is Nate...  Then itwas too late. I'm shaking my head and laughing	The very second I hit send, I was thinkin', "Whoa, that's Nate!" But it was already too late. Now I'm just shakin' me head and laughin'.
that's how I felt about my baby bros...18 and 16 and they was my shadows and I changed they stinkydiapers. Both on twitter now	That's how I felt about my younger brothers, who are 18 and 16. They were my shadows, and I changed their stinkydiapers. They are both on Twitter now.	That's how I felt 'bout them younger brothers of mine. They're eighteen and sixteen. They was my shadows, and I changed their dirty diapers. Now they're both on Twitter.
Why do chicks see a guy they use to mess with dats married and think..."Oh dat coulda been meif I wanted it" ?	Why do women see a guy they use to date that is now married and think...\"Oh, I could have been the one he marriedif I wanted to stick around\"	Why do women look at a fella they was seein' before he got hitched and think... "I coulda been the one he married if I had stayed"
I just seen a chick transform in front of my eyes as this dudetry to holla on my	It's like this woman is changing her tone as the guy is trying to flirt He is trying his flirt game hard.	It's kinda like this here woman is shiftin' her talk as this fella's tryin' to hit on her. He's puttin' in a real effort with his flirtin' game.
Im talking regular white dudes..not the Jon B white guys....They just rarely considerblack women as an option....	I'm talking about regular white guys, not the Jon B white guys. They just rarely considerblack women as an option	I'm talkin' 'bout them common white fellas, not them Jon B type white guys. They don't hardly ever think 'bout black women as an option.
No White woman dat eva had a A symmetrical hair cut can convince me sheneva dated a black dude...	No White woman that has ever had a symmetrical haircut can convince me shenever dated a black dude..	No White woman what's ever had herself a proper symmetrical haircut can come over here and tell me she never went out with no Black fella.
Dare I go on a limb and say...That "Black woman sass" isn't asappealing as it once was?	Dare I go out on a limb and say that the idea of a black woman being sassy isn'tappealing anymore	Dare I stick my neck out and mention that the thought of a feisty black woman don't tickle my fancy no more.
I give props when due! I celebrate winners! But don't try to step on me 2appear deep 2 some hoes...	I give props when due! I celebrate winners! But don't try to step on me twoappear deep to some hoes	I give credit where it's right, I cheer for the victors! But don't you go tryin' to walk all over me, actin' high and mighty to some gals.
2 the fellaz dats and they ex girl know it andgiggles everytime they see em...	To the feller's dad and their ex-girl knows it and giggles every time they see me.	That daddy of that fella and their ex-gal pal know it and they laugh every time they run into me.
im on youtubing listening now...and if I have to TRY to be open minded to enjoy Ifeel im thinking 2 hard.	I'm on www.youtube.com. I'm listening now, and if I have to be open minded to enjoyI feel that I'm thinking too hard.	I'm over on www.youtube.com. I'm listenin' now, an' if I gotta keep an open mind to enjoy it, I reckon I'm thinkin' too hard.
the Gov, tryin to pay both sides against the middle and make money...the Vampers Govtis gone now Billith here	The Governor is trying to pay both sides against the middle and make money. The Vampers Governmentis gone now.	The Governor was tryin' to give hush money to both sides in a feud, all while makin' a profit. But the Vampers Government's gone now.
I mean, nothing wrong with a chick with good poon andnot stingy with it lol	I mean, there is nothing wrong with a girl with a good vagina, andnot stingy with it	I reckon, there ain't nothin' wrong with a gal havin' a good pudding, and sharin' it generous like.
Lez ur a jerk ass! well u neva told me u read it...ubeen all redbone busy nshit!	Lez, you're a jerk ass! Well, you never told me your read it. You'vebeen all Redbone busy and shit	Lez, you're a real piece of work! Now, I didn't know you had read it. You've been all over the place and preoccupied.
A chick with a "Him" will go on a date with another dude and set up thesmash session with "him" afterwards...	A woman with a lover will go on a date with another man and set up sexual activity with the lover afterwards	A gal what's got herself a sweetheart is gonna go out on a date with another fella and arrange some hanky-panky time with her lover later on.
90 percent of black women that work downtown over 5'9 lock eyes with meas I walk past...no BS	Most downtown tall black women look at me. That is a fact.	Most them tall, dark mamas downtown keep lookin' at me. That's just the truth.
If Pop plan to "expose" LBJ jump shot worked mogs woulda called hima genius...let the heat cook.	I pop plan to expose LBJ's jump shot, he worked because he would have called him a genius. Let the heat cook.	I was fixin' to reveal LBJ's basketball shootin', 'cause he'd 'a called him a genius if he'd known. Let it simmer.
*sets summer schedule* When KP playoff games? Hyde Park Alumni Picnic? House Picnic? Taste?Crunch Brunch Picnic? Bruhz Picnics?	*Sets summer schedule* When are the KP playoff games? Hyde Park Alumni Picnic? House Picnic? Taste?Crunch Brunch Picnic? Brothers Picnics	*Makin' summa plans* What's the date for them KP ball games? Hyde Park Alumni Picnic? House Picnic? Taste?Crunch Brunch Picnic? Brothers Picnics.
oooh talk to Eb bout dat...she use to say she "wouldn't be 1 of dem women that flash herring" NOW ask her. HA	Ooh, talk to Eb about that... She used to say that she \"wouldn't be one of those women that flashes herring.\" Now ask her. It's funny	Ooh, you better go talk to Eb 'bout that... She'd always say she wasn't gonna be one of them women flashin' their herrin'. You best ask her. It's purty funny.
Aye imma be late to the HP picnic...prob around 5. But I still wanna ridein like purple rain lbs	All right, I'm going to be late to the HP picnic... I'll probably be there around 5pm. But I still want to ridein like purple rain lbs	All right, I'm gon' be late to the HP picnic... I'll prob'ly be there around 5pm. But I still wanna roll in like I'm Purple Rain, lbs and all.
hey as long as doing what u want yields u the results uwant. U doing right chiefette	Being you is important on how you judge success. You are doing the right thing by following your own path.	Bein' yoself is important when decidin' what success means. You're doin' the right thing by walkin' your own path.
I rather take a "fake" married person advice than a single person about RS, at least alevel of compromise is shown	I rather take a fake married person's advice than a single person about real shit. At least alevel of compromise is shown.	I'd rather listen to some bogus married fella's advice 'bout real stuff than hear it from some singleton. At least they's showin' a level of compromise.
a man that invest extensive time before getting what he want is calleda "gentleman" in women slang.	A man that invests extensive time before getting what he wants is calleda \"gentleman\" in women's slang	A fella that puts in a lot of effort before gettin' what he wants, is called a "gentleman”" in the way some gals talk.
showing how easy it is to admit the failure can be ones own fault....I accept it and will strive todo better. Crazy world right?	Showing how easy it is to admit the failure can be one's own fault. I accept it, and will strive todo better. Crazy world, right	It ain't hard to confess when you're the one caused the mess-up. I'm ownin' up to it, and aim to do better next time. Crazy ol' world, huh?
And I refuse to believe I neva saw a chick breast feedand was only 1 staring!	And I refuse to believe I never saw a woman breast feedand was the only one gawking	And I won't believe I never seen no woman nursin' her baby and was the only one starin'.
I wish would have a groove so I can randomly rollthru..talk my shit and leave.	I would loe to have a routine so I can get into a processjust walk through my platform and leave.	I'd just love to have me a routine set up, so I can get myself goin', you know? Just stroll through my platform and be on my way.
I'm Pretty, But I Am Not Beautiful. I Sin, But I Am Not The Devil. I'm Good, But I AmNot An Angel. -Marilyn Monroe.	I'm pretty, but I am not beautiful. I sin, but I am not the devil. I'm good, but I amnot an angel. -Marilyn Monro	I'm purty, but I ain't be-yoo-tiful. I sin, but I ain't the de-vil. I'm good, but I ain't no ang-el. -Marilyn Monroe
Thank you everyone for the Father's Day wishes. Sending blessings toall the fathers out there."	Thank you, everyone, for the Father's Day wishes. I am sending blessings toall of the fathers out there.	Thank y'all mightily for the Father's Day greetins'. I'm sendin' blessings to all them daddies out yonder.
Can't believe we get new consoles, New GTA, new BF, new Splinter Cell,Watch Dogs, AC4, Dead Rising 3,ArkhamOrigins b4 the years over.#2013	Got new game system and games. We were able to accomplish this before the year.	Got us a new game system and games. We managed to get that done before the year was over.
Word! At least she working. she's gonna have to work mad hours justto see any paper lol"	Well said! At least she's working. She's gonna have to work a lot of hours justto see any serious money. I'm laughing	Well, she done spoke right there! At least she's got a job goin'. She's gonna hafta put in a whole lotta hours just to catch a glimpse of some real money. I'm just laughin' now.
Bitches ain't shit! Females want a loyal dude but can't evenbe loyal to their friends"	Women aren't worth anything! Females want a loyal man but can't evenbe loyal to their friends	Women ain't worth nothin'! Gal's want a faithful fella, but they can't even stay loyal to their pals.
oh no!!! I didn't even know she was there. There was noparking. Smh. I feel bad!	Oh no, I didn't even know that she was there. There wasn't anyparking, now I feel bad	Oh dear, I hadn't realized she was around here. There weren't no parking spaces, now I feel all sorry.
S/O to all my male friends and cousins who never sugar coated shit,always kept it so real!	Shout-out to all of my male friends and cousins who have never sugar-coated shit. They always kept it so real	Shout-out to all my boys, them male friends and cousins, who never put a sweet coating on nothing. They always kept it real as real can be.
And tbh I hate Yale lol I just like a fewpeople on my daddy side	And, to be honest, I hate Yale. Laugh out loud. I just like a fewpeople on my dad's side.	Now, let me tell ya, I don't care for Yale none. Hee-haw. I reckon I only take a likin' to a few folks on my daddy's side.
A all doing school I wanned to fight Sam and mon but I tryed an wat happen my eyewas blue for two weeks	All during school, I wanted to fight Sam and, man, I tried and what happened? My eyewas black and blue for two weeks	Throughout my time in school, I real bad wanted to tussle with Sam. And let me tell ya, I sure did try! But y'know what? My peepers were a mess of black and blue for two solid weeks.
Me & your momma will make a salad and play in itlike it's a pool lol..!!!!????????	Tossing a salad? Swimming in each other.	Tossin' that salad, huh? Lookin' like they swimmin' in each other.
Can I just get a blow job fr the crack ofmy hairy ass kmsl Jp	Can I just get a blow job? For real, the crack of my hairy ass, killing myself laughing, just playing	Can I jus' get me a blow job? I mean, the split in my hairy ass, me near about killin' myself laughin', jus' playin'.
-Chillin In The Dark Like A Real Nigga.!"naw that's some penitentiary shit gettinraped real nigga shit lmfao	Sitting in the dark like a real man. Now that's some jail type talkand like real talk.	Settin' in the dark just actin' like a true man. That there's some real hard-time talk.
If a bitch go to food stamp building and the security guard signsher in.. She's a whore	If a bitch goes to the food stamp building, and the security guard signsher in... She's a whore	If a woman goes to the buildin' where they give out food stamps, and the security man lets her in... She's workin' as a prostitute.
Light skin niggas upset everywhere about this new Instagram shyt"them niggasglad in the low lmao	Light-skinned black people everywhere are upset about this new Instagram shit. Those black peopleare happy with the secret, and I'm laughing my ass off	Folks with fair complexion among black folks is all riled up 'bout this fresh new thing on Instagram. Some black folks is content with the hidden matter, and I'm just rollin' in the laughs.
I thought I was thirsty toward these bitches... But these bitches bethirsty for these players smfh	I thought I wanted these women but they want all the men. It's unbelievable.	I reckon I thought I wanted them gals, but they're after all the fellas. It's hard to believe.
That nigga don't do shxt for you, but when he downtalkin a bitch you satisfied.	That man doesn’t do anything for you, but when he talks down to a woman, you’re satisfied	That fella don't do nothin' for ya, but when he speaks down to a woman, it makes ya happy.
I've meet co gay ppl . I still feel that theshit nasty but they cool	I've met cool gay people. I still feel that theshit is nasty, but they're cool though	I've come across some neat gay folks. I reckon the whole thing 'bout it is still nasty, but they're cool as can be.
Think ima have my 18th bday in Ohio. Then again It's gne cold as shit. All I knowis I want something big	I think that I'm going to have my 18th birthday in Ohio. Then again it's really cold. All I know that is I want something big.	I reckon I'm fixin' to have me eighteen birthday in Ohio. But dang, it gets mighty cold there. All I do know is that I'm hankerin' for somethin' big.
Ion really believe shit people say I just been lied to so many times It'slike Fuck dat.Trust no one	Ion really trusts what people say I've just been lied to so many times it'slike damn it, don't trust anyone	Ion reckon I can believe folks when they talk. I've jus' been told a whole lotta lies, it's like drat it, don't trust none.
At 2pm we will be giving away free tickets to the Graceful Hands Celebrity B-Ball Game atCass tech On June 29,2013.	At 2 PM, we are giving away free tickets to the Graceful Hands Celebrity B-Ball Game atCass Tech on June 29, 2013	At 2 in the afternoon, us be givin' out free passes for the Graceful Hands Famous People Double Ball Game. This here event goin' down at Cass Tech on the twenty-ninth of June in the year two thousand thirteen.
Visit all locations for tickets to the celebrity charity b-ball game atCass Tech 6/29/13 powered by	Visit all locations for tickets to the celebrity charity basketball game atCass Tech on June 29, 2013. Power b	Y'all gotta go to ever place for them tickets to that celeb charity ball game at Cass Tech on June 29, 2013. They call it a power bidness, but I reckon it's all about the heart!
Tyga & big Sean - I'm gone. The beat tuff I don'tlike the song to much.	Tyga and Big Sean, I love it. The beat is hard! I don'tlike the song too much	Tyga and Big Sean, I do declare. That there beat is somethin' fierce! But I ain't too fond of the song m'self.
lOl GA's Tornado Siren Sounds So Weak.! I'm Not 100% Positive That's What It Is...But WhatElse Could It Be? Smh	The alarm sounds mellow and I cant believe its an alarm. Could it be something else?	The alarm sound real soft an' I can't hardly believe it's an alarm. Could it be somethin' else?
AYE LISTEN GOT AH SPECIAL ON TATTOOS BRING 2 SPENDIN 25 GET YOU 1 FREE NOBULL HMU FOR MORE INFO!!!!!!!!!!!	Alright listen, I have a special on tattoos. Bring two and spend $25 and get one free. Nobullshit. Hit me up for more information	Listen here, now I got a real good deal goin' on for them tats. Brings you two and spends $25, an' you gets one free, no kiddin'. If y'all wants more info, hit me up.
Bought to kick my feet up and sip on a lil drinkydrink to ease my mind	I'm about to kick my feet up and sip on a little drinkydrink to ease my mind	I'm fixin' to put my feet up and take a sip or two of some relaxin' drink to calm down mah mind.
I can't lie when I worked for future care I wanted to work in housekeeping lmao... They swearthey had tha best job!!!	I can't lie, when I worked for future care I wanted to work in housekeeping. They swear they had the best job.	I ain't lyin', when I worked for that future care place, I wanted to be cleanin' in the housekeepin' department. They swears it was the finest job going.
Pls tell y'all friend her braids looked fuck'd up... Keep wanting to twist them bigshits up in a bun	Please tell your friend that her braids look fucked up. I keep wanting to twist those bigthings up into a bun	You tell your girlfriend them there braids of hers looks all messed up. I can't help but want to twist them big things up into some kind of bun.
I am in no way Tryna rush to grow up but 21 and up just got more options then20 and under do lol	I am in no way trying to rush myself to grow up, but ages 21 and up just have more options thanages 20 and under do, that's funny	I ain't in no hurry to grow up neither, but folks aged twenty-one an' above, they got more choices than us younguns aged twenty an' below. That's a hoot!
I need to try and work these too jobs out; well ifI get the other one	I need to figure out how to manage these two jobs. Well, ifI get the other one	I got to work on findin' a way to handle these here two jobs of mine. Now, if I can just get a hold of that other one...
I need to find those pink 11s; wtf was I thinkingnot going to get them	I need to find some Air Jordan Pink 11s. I don't know what I was thinkingnot getting them when I had the chance	I got to track down some Air Jordan Pink 11s. I can't believe I didn't get 'em when I had the opportunity.
Somewhere in the past week I forgot then entire plot of HarryPotter. Poof. It's all gone.	Sometime over the past week I forgot the entire plot of HarryPotter. Poof. It's all gone	Some time in the last week, I plum forgot the whole dang story 'bout Harry Potter. Pfft. It's all vanished away.
Saw one of those son of a guns in a yard on my way hometoday. Right near stole him.	I saw one of those son of a guns in a yard on my way hometoday. I right near stole him.	I seen one of them there varmints in a yard on my way home today. Near about got a hold of him.
I'd be a terrible kitty owner. I'm not home enough to keep it company...andsomeone else took it home.	I would be a terrible kitty owner. I am not home enough to keep it company, andsomeone else took it home.	I'd make a real poor cat mama. Ain't home much 'nough to keep it comany, an somebody else taken it home by now.
Man fuck dat hoe man my nigga n dem had dathoe n the Bryan Frazier	Man, fuck that hoe. Man, my brother and them had thathow, and then Bryan Frazier	Man, I hate that broad. Man, my brother and them had business with that broad, and then Bryan Frazier came along.
Think about wat my life could b that's when I pourup n light this weed	Think about what my life could be, that's when I poura drink and smoke this marijuana	When I ponder what my life might become, that's when I reach for a drink and light up this here marijuana.
I been listening to my SL bros all day...but not because they my homies theyjust better than you rappers	I've been listening to my SL brothers all day, but not because they're my friends. They're just better than you rappers.	I've been listenin' to my SL brethren all day long, but it ain't 'cause they're my pals. They're just more talented than you rapper folk.
we'll u should have came to the beat person for the job...... Me but I see udon't fuck wit me nomore	We'l you should've came to the best person for the job, which happens to be me but I understandyou don't deal with me anymore.	You oughta 'a came to the right person fer this here job, an' that's me, but I reckon you don't work with me no more.
My grandma told Eric he can spend da night knowing I was mad at his ass.......... Now I done slipped upn let him dtmf lbvvvvvvs	My grandma told Eric he can spend the night knowing I am mad at his ass. Now, I gone and slipped upand let him dump the motherfucker. Laughing, but very serious.	My granny told Eric he could sleep over knowin' I was mighty pissed off at him. But then I went and messed up, lettin' him leave me hangin'. I'm laughin', but believe me, I'm dead serious.
tell yo sister that you R a grown woman and U can make UR owndecisions... Thanks for her concern...	Tell your sister that you are a grown woman and you can make your owndecisions, thanks for her concern	Tell your sis that I'm a full-grown woman now, able to make my own choices. Appreciate her worryin'.
if U read both of the tweets... I changed it up forU because U R special...	If you read both of the tweets, I changed it up for you, because you're specia	If y'all read both them tweets, I switched it around for ya, 'cause you're somethin' special.
- Ii Must Say Shordy Was Ah Complete Waste Of Mhy Time Shid Um Doin Wonderful Without Ha &&'dMhy BD Pidd Fuk Relationships	I must say, the girl was a complete waste of my time. Shit, I'm doing wonderful without her andmy BD. Seriously, fuck relationships	I reckon, that gal was a total waste of my time. Damn, I'm doin' just fine without her and all that BS. Honestly, fuck them relationships.
Sometimes the shit you fuck with, is just not what mylife needs to fuck with.	When you try to start issues. I dont need to be involved.	When y'all go tryin' to stir up somethin'. I don't need to be a part of it.
The only logical reason to watch basketball is Kardashian-related men. is that likepretending to like Downton Abbey?	The only logical reason to watch basketball is because of men who date the Kardashians. Is that similar to pretending to like \"Downton Abbey?\	The only sensible reason I got for watchin' basketball was 'cause of them fellas datin' the Kardashians. Kinda like pretendin' to enjoy "Downton Abbey" or some such thing.
If dis rachet hoe dnt txt me bck>> ima walk to haa housend slap haa ugly ass!	rachel has been ignoring the texts. I am going to confront her. I will put her in her place	Rachel's been actin' like she don't see them texts. I'm fixin' to give her a piece of my mind. I'll show her who's boss.
Teacher Got in a fight with a student this morning?? Now she is unemployed. Lost her job with only a fewdays left of school smh.	A teacher got into a fight with a student this morning. Now she is unemployed. She lost her job with only a fewdays left of school. What a shame	This mornin', a teacha had a scrap with a pupil. Now she's outta work. She lost her job jus' before the last few days of school. That's a real pity.
This lady is suppose to sing The Negro National Anthem but she just whispers to me " Idon't know the words" huh?	This lady is supposed to sing \"The Negro National Anthem\" but she just whispers to me \"Idon't know the words\". Huh	That there woman's supposed to sing "The Black National Anthem" but instead, she just mumbles to me "I don't know the words" or some such thing. Ain't that something?
Its too early for the Drunk busted friday night club pics on IG right?Cause I just saw a.....	It's too early for the drunken friday night club pictures on instagram, right? Because I just saw a..	It's a mite too early for them drunken Friday night pictures at the club be poppin' up on Instagram, ain't it? Cause I jus' seen a...
As Salaam Alaikum how can we help our children in public school tostop being funneled into prison.	As Salaam Alaikum, how can we help our children in public school to stop being funneled into prison.	Peace be unto you, As Salaam Alaikum. How can we assist our younguns in them public schools to keep from gettin' steered towards the penitentiary.
you stop talking to me, & yes I Do. What you just made thatyou need a confirmation code?	You stop talking to me and yes, I do. What did you just do thatyou need a confirmation code for	You cut off our conversation and, yessir, I did. Whatever it was you done, you needed a confirmation code for it.
Hey world gonna do some family time today. And I will Sneek in some schoolflow photosI need for my assignment.	Hey, we are gonna go have some family time today. I will sneek in some schoolwork photosI need for my assignment	Hey y'all, we's fixin' to go spend some time with the famly today. I'm gonna try and slip in some pictures of the schoolwork I needs for that there assignment.
I was my bro's graduation DVR'd it Saw the 4th & OT when we went out to eat No sound on thetv My phone & were	I was at my brother's graduation. I DVR'd it and saw the fourth and OT when we went out to eat. There was no sound on theTV. My phone and were	I was at my brother's graduation. I recorded it on DVR and watched the fourth quarter and overtime when we went out to eat. The TV had no sound. My phone was ringing.
So i got in trouble for leaving work early!!! If i aint on thang is anotherwit mac and sac!!!!	So I got into trouble for leaving work early!!! If it ain't one thing it's another.With mac and Sac!!	Well, I got myself into somethin' for leavin' work early!!! But if it ain't one thing it's another. With Mac and Sac!!
Knowing that people in African were royal was a plus but didn't much for my own identity. Knowing that I'm ajoint heir w/ Jesus did.	Knowing that people in Africa were royal was a plus, but it didn't do much for my own identity. Knowing that, I'm a joint heir with Jesus.	Knowin' that folks in Africa were bein' royal made things better, but it didn't help much with my own self-image. Knowin' that, I'm a co-heir with Jesus.
Mailmen in the hood get chased by dogs and harassed whensocial security checks are late	Mailmen that are in the hood get chased by dogs and harassed whensocial security checks are late	In the 'hood, mailmen gets themselves chased by barkin' dogs and bothered when their social security checks runs late.
People stood in line all night just be the first customers at the new chickfila inHamptonCove. It's not that deep.	People were standing in line all night just to be the first customers at the new Chic-fil-a inHampton Cove, and it's not that deep.	Folks was standin' in line all night long just to be the first ones through the door at the brand new Chick-fil-A in Hampton Cove. Ain't nothin' too deep about it.
My mom is in Miami getting ready to go on a cruise while I'm in hsv in theclassroom on a damn Saturday	My mom is in Miami getting ready to go on a cruise while I'm in HSV in theclassroom on a damn Saturday	My mama's in Miami preparin' to set sail on a cruise, all while I'm stuck in HSV, sittin' in the classroom on a blasted Saturday.
Heat fans have NO room to talk about flopping unless you talking aboutthat bitch in the jersey	Heat fans have NO room to talk about flopping unless you are talking aboutthat bitch in the jersey	Folks from Heat fanbase ain't got no space to chirp 'bout fakin' unless y'all talkin' 'bout that hag in the jersey.
their spread offense is totally different. They are a pass first O. His blind side tackle isgone. Big shoes to fill	Their spread offense is totally different. They are going to pass first offense. His blind side tackle is gone, so there are big shoes to fill.	Their spread offense is real different. They's gon' pass first in that offense. His blind side tackle done left, so there's some big shoes to fill.
I just liked it for the documentaries but the same ones beenon there over a year.	I just liked it for the documentaries, but the same ones have beenon there for over a year	I jus' liked it for them docu-mentsaries, but the very same ones been settin' theres for over a year.
No puedo dejar de iñpresionarme, por la necia actitud de vender tu patria a imbesiles, que ni siquiera han sustentado lade ellos, no a cuba	SPANISHSPANIS	SpanishSpanish [I assume this is a typo in the original sentence and it was meant to be "The sentence is in Spanish" or something similar.]
Every Sat, these people on the block opposite mine have a BBQ - Cool.. If only their WACK sound system didn'tconstantly give me a headache	Every Saturday, these people on the block opposite of mine have a barbecue. Cool... If only their weird sound system didn'tconstantly give me a headache	Ev'ry Saturday, them folks across the street from me got themselves a barbecue goin' on. Ain't that neat? But dang it if their strange-soundin' stereo don't constantly give me one heck of a headache.
big bro i need yu &wade &ray allen &bosh & shane & mike Miller play hard on danny green& Parker &Duncan & Neal	Big brother, I need you, and Wade, and Ray Allen, and Bosh, and Shane, and Mike Miller. Play hard on Danny Green,and Parker, and Duncan, and Neal	Big bro, I needs ya, an' Wade, an' Ray Allen, an' Bosh, an' Shane, an' Mike Miller. Work 'em hard on Danny Green, an' Parker, an' Duncan, an' Neal.
U gotta love that old wine-o in the hood I gota 2month update in 5min	You have to love that old Wine-O in the neighborhood. I havea two-month update in five minutes.	Y'all got to appreciate that ol' Wine-Lover in our community. I got another two-month report comin' up in just five minutes.
Only God makes the rain fall and it's falling a lot in Queens, but I don't have to go out so let it rain, letit rain, let it rain!	Only God makes the rain fall, and it's falling a lot in Queens. But I don't have to go out, so let it rain, letit rain, let it rain	Ain't none but God what makes the rain come down, an' it's comin' down heap good in Queens. But I don't gotta go out, so let it pour, let it pour, let it pour.
I Seen It Wit My Own Eyes. Shit Was Real MyNicca Str8 Kilt Her !	I saw it with my own eyes. Shit was real myn-word. He killed her	I seen it with my very own peepers. That there was the real deal, lemme tell ya. He done went and took her life.
Ghetto translation~Lemme Call you back = You have a great rest of the day. Talkto you tomorrow lmao ijs	Inner city translation of \"Let me call you back\" is \"You have a great rest of the day. Talkto you tomorrow.\" I'm laughing my ass off, I'm just saying	Inner city talk 'bout "I'll call you back" is "You take care now an' have yourself a fine rest of this here day. We'll chat again tomorrow." I's just crackin' up, jest sayin'.
Somebody needs to invent an alarm clock that releases the smell of bacon. A nukkawould never be late lol	Genius invention would be an alarm clock that releases the smell of bacon in the morning. It would always wake people up.	That there's a real smart idea for an alarm clock. It'd give off the smell of bacons in the mornin'. Folks wouldn't have no trouble wakin' up with that goin' on.
If one more damn Mosquito bite me...... I know I'm Carmel and tasty looking, but I'm sure its some other fat ppl togo bite on wtf lol	If I get one more damn mosquito bite. I know I'm caramel colored and tasty looking, but I'm sure there is some other fat people togo bite on, what the fuck, I'm laughing	If I get me one more blamed mosquito bite. I reckon I'm a nice, caramel-colored hue and all, but I'm darn sure there's some other plump folks for those pesky mosquitoes to go bother instead, what in tarnation, I'm just laughin'.
You know when you wakeup wit so much energy it makeyou lazy. That's hella crazy	You know when you wake up with so much energy it makes you lazy. That's really crazy	Y'all know what I'm talkin' 'bout, right? When you wake up in the mornin' with so much pep in your step it makes you feel like doin' nothin'. That's plumb nuts.
Pretty women wit bad breath. That's that shyt I don't like. Plus itstoo hot for that mess	A pretty women with bad breath is something I don't like.It's to hot for me to deal with messes today	A real purty woman with some nasty-ass breath ain't nothin' I care for. It's just too blasted hot for me to be dealin' with messes today.
Somebody told me that coochi had pork in it. Is this true? And if so, does it come in vegetarian also?!I'm on a diet Lol	Someone told me that the coochi has pork in it. Is that true? And if so, does it come in vegetarian as well? I'm on a diet.	Somethin' somebody told me was that the coonchee got pork in it. Is that right? An' if it is, do they make a veggie version too? I'm tryin' to stick to my diet here.
If I was ur best friend, would you let me do all the things thatonly a best friend can?	If I was your best friend, would you let me do all the things that only a best friend can do?	If I was your closest buddy, would you allow me to do all the things that only a close buddy can do?
I have a head ache having been to sleep in 2days I'm going to sleep so good tonight hair appointmenttomorrow Or cut I'm scared.	I have a headache since I haven't been to sleep in two days. I'm going to sleep so good tonight. I have a hair appointmenttomorrow or a cut. I'm scared	I got a real bad headache goin' on 'cause I ain't had me no sleep the past two nights. But I reckon I'll be gettin' some good rest tonight. Tomorrow, I got me a hair appointment or maybe just gettin' a trim. I'm kinda scared about it though.
So I'm extra late I had no idea David Correy got a record deal. I loved him I was so mad hewas voted off so early.	So, I'm very late. I had no idea that David Correy got a record deal. I loved him. I was so mad that he was voted off so early.	Well, I'm runnin' real behind. I didn't know none 'bout David Correy gettin' a record deal. I sure did like him. I was plum mad when they went and voted him off so early.
U ask 4 my number..I tell u I have a bf..Ur response "SO, I like competition.".niggasain't got no respect lol	You ask for my number. I tell you, \"I have a boyfriend.\" Your response, \"So, I like competition.\" N-wordsdon't have any respect. That's funny	You ax me fer my number. I tell ya, "I got me a boyfriend." Your reply, "Well, I reckon I like me some competition." But n-words don't show no respect. That's right funny.
dont try this at home kids ...okay i will try itat my friends house then...	Don't try this at home kids... Okay, I will try itat my friend's house then..	Don't you all try this at home now, kiddos... Alrighty then, I'll give it a shot at my buddy's place instead.
Wassup tweed fam? I have been up since 12 yesterday .lolsmh Alwayz gm ! :0)	What's up Tweed family? I have been up since 12 yesterday, that's funny.Shaking my head, always good morning	Hey there Tweed clan! I've been wide awake since twelve o'clock yesterday mornin'. Can't believe it, just shake my head, it's always a good mornin'.
My shoe game is so weak right now. Need new work shoes, running shoes, sperry's/loafers and reg tennisshoes. Must step it up	My shoe collection is lacking right now. I need new work shoes, running shoes, Sperry's or loafers, and regular tennisshoes. I have to get it together	My shoe collection ain't got nothin' goin' on at the moment. I's in need of some new work shoes, runnin' shoes, Sperry's or loafers, and common tennis shoes. I reckon I gotta get my act together.
Dnt like ppl who smash or try to smash the homies. That's whack!Hands down! Male or female!	Don't, like, people who have sex or are trying to have sex, have sex with the friends? That's crazy!Hands down! Male or female	Don't some folks go 'head and do it, or tryna do it, with their pals when it comes to sex? That's plum nuts! No doubt about it, whether male or female.
R U TIRED OF HITIN THE BEAUTY SUPPLY AND COPPIN THAT BLACK NO.1! IS YOUR WIG BUSTED DISCUSTED FRYD DYED LEANIN2 DA SIDE HIT UP	Are you tired of hitting the beauty supplies and copying that black number one? Is your wig busted, disgusted, fried, dyed, and leaningto the side? Hit me up.	Ain't you sick and tired of headin' to the beauty shop and tryin' on that there black number one wig? Your old wig all busted, disgusted, fried, dyed, and leanin' to the side? Give me a holler.
Feeling really anxious can't wait I hope God hears my prays and they releasemy baby help me lord	I'm feeling really anxious. I can't wait. I hope God hears my prayers and they releasemy baby. Help me, Lord	I'm feelin' real nervous. I's just dyin' to know. I do hope the Good Lord hears my supplications and sets my little one free. Help me out, Big Fella.
For once can I meet a handsome respectful guy tht DOES NOT SAG HIS PANTS !!!!!???? Tht is trifling...at least notsoo low ! Ugh !	For once, can I meet a handsome, respectful guy with pants that do not sag? That is bad. At least don't have them sag so low. Ugh	Once in a while, I'd sure like to come across a good lookin', polite gent with trousers that don't droop? Lord, no. At least keep 'em from droppin' down so far. Yuck.
If we say two forms of ID why the fuck wouldyou come with just one...	If we say to bring two forms of ID with you, why wouldyou bring just one with you	If we tell ya to fetch two kinds of ID when you come, why in tarnation would ya bring just the one with ya?
I thought I was making progress but I guess I was wrong. Smhthis is really bothering me.	I assumed I was making headwind. I am worried.	I thought I was goin' against the wind. I'm mighty concerned now.
Dude comes to the mall with friends. It's raining. He gets his car to pick his friends up in front of the mall..It was only sprinkling lol	Dude comes to the mall with friends. it's raining. He gets his car to pick his friends up in front of the mall...It was only sprinkling, that's funny	That fella goes to the shoppin' center with his pals. It's rainin'. He gets his vehicle to pick his buddies up in front of the shoppin' center...It was just a little drizzle, that's kind of funny.
I'm prob the only motherfucka on this planet that doesn't like hot doughnuts... Hate whenthe hot sign is on	I’m probably the only motherfucker on the planet that doesn’t like hot doughnuts. I hate whenthe hot sign is on.	I reckon I'm the only son of a gun on this here planet what don't take a likin' to them hot doughnuts. I can't stand it when that hot sign lights up.
Getting ready to get jog on this morning! I need to get my health back in order. I've been a bad boy for a while soI have work to do.	I’m getting ready to jog this morning! I need to get my health back in order. I've been negligent for a while soI have work to do.	I's fixin' to go joggin' this mornin'. Gotta get myself back in shape. I's been neglectin' things for a spell, so I got some work to do.
And as a shopaholic... I'm taking strides to be better with money... And I'm cutting up my credit cards andremoving them from my PayPal	And as a shopaholic... I'm taking strides to be better with money... And I'm cutting up my credit cards, andremoving them from my PayPal	An' as a mebbe shoppin' just a little too much... I's tryin' real hard to do bettah with mah money... An' Ah's tearin' up mah credit cards an' pullin' 'em outta PayPal.
See Ah Opp Let The Thing Blow We Checking Ah BagWe Dont Need Hoes !	If you see an opportunity, let it happen. We're checking our bag.We don't need whores	If y'all see somethin' that looks like an opportunity, just let it go down. We's checkin' our sacks here. We don't need us some harlots.
Chilli cheese fries with jalapeños sounds soooooo good. Where can Iget something good like this?	Chili cheese fries with jalapeños sounds so good. Where can Iget something good like this	That there chili cheese fries with jalapeños sure does sound mighty fine. Now where in tarnation can a body find somethin' as good as that?
Dnt cum my way fa nth Dnt hit my line fa nth fony ass fuckniggas u niggas is nth	Do not come my way for nothing. Do not hit my line for nothing, phone ass fuckblack guys, you black guys are nothing.	Don't come around here for no good reason. Don't be callin' my phone line for no reason, you fuckin' black guys, you black guys is nothin'.
Damn why aren't any of my shows on demand yet! I don't want to wait towatch them until next week	Damn. Why aren't any of my favorite shows on On Demand yet? I don't want to wait towatch them until next week	Dang. What in tarnation is goin' on with none of my preferred shows poppin' up on Demand yet? I sho 'nuff don't wanna hafta twiddle my thumbs waitin' to watch 'em until the subsequent week.
I saw Dr. King's speech in its entirety yesterday for thefirst time, I'm still moved.	I saw Dr. King's speech in its entirety yesterday for thefirst time. I'm still moved	Yesterday, for the first time, I seen Dr. King's whole speech. I'm still feelin' all choked up about it.
A great day for the fathers. Add to the legacy. Or build a newone with your little ones	It's a great day for fathers. Add to the legacy, or build a newone with your little ones	Today's a fine day fer daddies. Pass on the tradition, or start a fresh one with your younguns.
Taking precautions. Not every deal is solid. And might bring on lessons that u wished uwere patient to learn first.	be careful as some deals with fall through. understand the deal and take time with it.	Be careful now, some deals might not go through. Make sure ya understand the deal and take your time with it.
I don't think it's hard to find love. I believe everybody are on different levels inlife. No need to rush	I don't think it's hard to find love.  I believe everyone is on a different level in life.  No need to rus	I reckon it ain't too tough findin' love. I figger everybody's at different stages in life, no need to rush.
I feel like stiles might become a beta to save his dad judging by thepreview for next Monday :D	I feel like Stiles might become a beta to save his dad, judging by thepreview for next Monday.	I reckon Stiles might turn into a beta, seein' how the sneak peek for next Monday's episode hints at that.
I'm still up, man world war z was pretty hood. It'sa good picture to watch	I'm still up. Man, World War Z was pretty good. It's a good picture to watch	I'm still awake. Lawd, World War Z was something else. It's a real fine movie to watch.
I believe that God makes NO mistakes and that everything happens for a reason...whetherit be good or bad	I believe that God makes NO mistakes and that everything happens for a reason, whether   it's good or bad	I reckon that God don't make no mistakes and that everythang happens 'cause the Good Lord got a plan, maybe it's somethin' good, maybe it's somethin' bad.
How u have somebody make a promise not to drink when they drunk tho? That'sjuss down right sneaky" lmao	Why would you make someone promise not to drink when they're already drunk? That'sjust really sneaky. I'm laughing out loud	Why in the world would you make sombody give you a promise not to drink no more when they's already plastered? That's just real sneaky business. I'm just over here laughin' my head off.
It's way past my bedtime but so much on my mind thatsleep is no where near	It's way past my bedtime, but there's so much on my mind thatsleep is near impossible	It's long after my time for bed, but my mind's just full of things and sleep jus ain't happenin'.
I know I don't grew into my own when I allI wanna do is grind	I know I have became a real adult when I allI want to do is work.	I reckon I've grown up proper when all I hanker for is to work.
I been giving him my prayers . He been blessing me with . And stayclear from all these hoes	I have been giving him my prayers. He has been blessing me. And stayclear from all of these hoes.	I've been sendin' him my prayers. He's been blessin' me. And ya best keep away from all them gals.
I'm so fucking,(irratated)like everybody is fucking blowing Da shit out ofmy Life#im done say nomore:-(	I'm so fucking irritated. Everybody is fucking blowing the shit out ofmy life. I'm done, say no more	I'm plumb wore out and aggravated. Folks just keep on shittin' all over my life. I can't take it no more.
Ive eaten Lou's and Harolds in the last 3 days. Diet here I come. I been working out but aboutto go in cardio overload.	I have eaten Lou's and Harolds in the last three days. Diet, here I come. I have been working out but aboutto go into cardio overload.	I've been eatin' at Lou's and Harold's these past three days. Guess it's time for me to start that diet. I've been workin' out, but I think I might be headin' into some serious cardio overload.
People who know me know I been to hell and back andI can FINALLY say...IM HAPPY	People who know me, know that I've been to hell and back, and I can finally say that I'm happy.	Folks what knows me, knows I've been through the depths of hell and back, but now I'm able to say that I'm truly contented.
Right.now I'm enjoying watching my grand children play, and my family are here assistingme with my new book	Right. Now I'm enjoying watching my grandchildren play and my family is here assistingme with my new book	Ain't that right? Now I'm just sittin' here enjoyin' watchin' my grandbabies play. My fam-bam's here helpin' me out with this here new book.
This cold making me about to pour me a drink cause I need to be wellfor this work week ahead	This cold is making me want to pour myself a drink, because I need to be healthyfor this work week coming up	This cold got me hankerin' for a drink 'cause I figger I needs it to stay healthy for this here work week comin' up.
They're mad about the gov't tapping phone lines. I don't care. Idon't have anything to hide	They're mad about the government tapping phone lines. I don't care. Idon't have anything to hide	They're all riled up 'bout the government listenin' in on their phone lines. Ain't got no dog in that fight m'self. Don't got nothin' to hide.
naw working. Trying to get my priorities in order an get my money up so no extra kicking it andI'm going home in sept	I'm trying to get my priorities in order and save money, they'll be no more celebration, andI'm going home in September	I'm tryin' to get my priories straight and save some cash. Ain't gonna be no more partying, and I'm headin' back home in September.
He said you'd forget to pick yo' kids up, forget you'recooking, forget life basically lol	He said you would forget to pick your kids up, forget you are cooking, and forget life, basically. I'm laughing	He said you'd forget 'bout pickin' up your kiddos, forget whatcha cookin', and forget about life in general. I'm just laughin'.
I used to be a ball of energy before class. Got there and felt like Ihad been up all night	I used to be a ball of energy before class. I got there and it felt like Ihad been up all night	Afore I went to class, I was a bundle of get-up-and-go. But once I got there, it seemed like I hadn't had a wink of sleep all night.
I been meeting more girls that say "Im going out with my boyfriend"...I be like "SO WAT!"	I have been meeting more girls that say, \"I am going out with my boyfriend.\"I say, \"So, what?!\	I've been runnin' into more gals sayin', "I'm goin' out with my beau." I say, "Well, so what?"
I mean I know I don't have the best grammar in the world but I canput a sentence together ll	I mean, I know that I don't have the best grammar in the world, but I canput a sentence together.	I reckon I ain't got the best grammar this side of the world, but I can string a sentence together.
We used to go so hard on it. We were probably two bottlesfrom turning into lemons lol	We used to go so hard on it. We were probably two bottlesaway from turning into lemons. Laugh out loud.	We was really givin' it our all. Probably only two more bottles and we'd a been turnin' into lemons, hehe.
I can understand like a month or 2. Not 2 weeks! I'm bout to be out herewith 1 big loc lol	I can understand a month or two, but not two weeks! I'm going to go outa crazy person. I'm laughing	I can comprehend a month or two, but not two weeks! I'm fixin' to lose my marbles. I'm gigglin'.
At the end of the day, I cant respect or forgive the BaltimoreRavens for breakin RGIII leg	At the end of the day, I can't respect or forgive the BaltimoreRavens for breaking RGIII's leg	At the close of the day, I just can't hold no respect nor forgiveness in my heart for them Baltimore Ravens, what they did to RGIII by breakin' his leg.
like i got alot of back& front thoo....he b wantin ah bitchdat look anorexic n ish	I have a lot of weight on the back and front of my body, but he wants a bitchthat looks like she's anorexic and shit	I got me a whole lotta weight goin' on both ends of my body. But him, he wantin' a dog that looks like she's near starvin' and all emaciated-like.
why u have tuh go there tho SOME OF US DONTHAVE AH LIE (RUNS AWAY)	Why do you have to go there though? Some of us don'thave a lie (runs away).	Why do you gotta go there, though? Some of us ain't got no lies to tell (runs away).
Mindless Behavior Songs Motivate Me to Try Harder.So Im Listening to them Now To Get Threw ThiS 2ndDay Of School. Thx Mb	Mindless Behavior has motivational songs. I'm listening to them now to get through this second day of school. Thank you Mindless Behavior.	Mindless Behavior sings them some inspiring tunes. I's listenin' to 'em right now, helps me get through this here second day of school. Much obliged to Mindless Behavior.
When did a national tour become a national tour if its notrecognized by the Broadway League.	When did a national tour become national if it's not recognized by the Broadway League.	When did that nationwide tour really go nationwide, if the Broadway League ain't recognizin' it?
no not yet but I'm getting close! I was in 5th grade then! I still remember lifelong affect you had thanks!	No, not yet. But I am getting close! I was in the 5th grade then! I still remember life-long affect you had. Thanks	No, not just now. But I'm right about to get there! I was in the 5th grade back then! I still recollect the long-lastin' impact you had. Thanks.
It feels good to wake up and not have any type of hangover and I almost relapse yesterday!I stayed on the wagon	It feels great to wake up in the morning without being hungover. And yesterday I almost had a drink!I didn't drink	Feels real good to rise an' shine in the mornin', not havin' me head all fuzzy from a hangover. Near abouts yesterday, I come close to takin' a sip! But I didn't drink none.
Not having a good day today at all...but it will get better.Devil wont knock my spirits.	Not having a good day today at all... but it will get better.The Devil won't knock my spirits	Today ain't been no good day for me neither, but it's gonna get better. The Devil ain't gonna knock my spirits down.
cus I ain't been on here in a minute, had to makesure you wasn't being grown.	I haven't been here in a minute, and I had to make sure you weren't acting to old.	I ain't been around here for a spell, and I had to check with you, seein' as how I thought you might be actin' too darned old.
That boy we try to get him some drugs any kind of way! SMH!!!!!! He don't carewhat person he will use!	This guy is an addict.He will use anyone.	That fella's real hooked. He don't care who he uses.
Soooo how many Platinum albums had he produced.... FULL ALBUMS ...... After Aaliyahdied Timberland went no where	So, how many platinum albums had he produced? Full albums? After Aaliyahdied, Timbaland’s career died.	So, how many platinum albums he had made, full ones I mean? After Aaliyah passed away, Timbaland's career took a hit.
I use to like drake , but he confuses me. I prefer therapper drake, not the whinner	I used to like to Drake, but he confuses me. I prefer therapper Drake, not the whinner	I reckon I used to enjoy listenin' to Drake, but he leaves me puzzled. I'd rather have therapeutic Drake, not the whinin' one.
Everything I put in front of you to think about some choose think with purpose otherslet others think for them	Everything I put in front of you to think about, some choose to think with purpose. Otherslet others think for them	Everything I set down in front of you for ponderin', some go on and ponder with a purpose. Others just let others do the thinkin' for 'em.
Don't get it twisted I really don't give a shit its friday and people can royallyget the fuck over themselves	Don't get it twisted. I really don't give a shit. It's Friday, and people can royallyget the fuck over themselves	Don't let nobody confuse things. I truly don't care one bit. It's Friday now, and folks need to just get past themselves and their bullshit.
I mean that even though big and pac been dead for almost 20 years. They music still relevant. Theyshit will never get old.	I mean to say even though Biggie Smalls and Tupac have been dead for almost 20 years, their music is still relevant. Theirshit will never get old	I reckon what I'm tryin' to say is that even though Biggie Smalls and Tupac have been gone for near about twenty years now, their music still holds up. It ain't never gonna get stale.
Lebron is in facilitator mode tonite. The beast is caged. He'll get a trip dub andwin at this rate tho.	Lebron is in facilitator mode tonight. The beast is caged. He'll get a trophy andwin at this rate, though	Lebron's in that pass-the-ball mode tonight. The ol' wild thing's been tamed. He's gonna git himself a shiny trophy at this here pace.
Dante can't talk I seen that video with that black fastsweaty girl. " lmfaoooooo dooooog.	Dante can't talk. I've seen that video with the fast and sweaty black girl.\" I'm laughing my fucking ass off, dog	Dante cain't speak. I seen that vid with the sweat-drippin', fast as lightnin' black gal. Ain't that a hoot, partner!
I grabbed it and somehow got it off me. Then put my foot on his neck. None of the other snakesmoved but they were there.	I grabbed it and somehow got it off of me. Then I put my foot on its neck. None of the other snakesmoved, but they were there	I grabbed hold of it and managed to get it away from me. Then I planted my foot on its neck. None of the other snakes stirred, but they was right there.
u already . Its da truth." Already sis niggas anit sliding witt us thenthe clip riden on em	You already. It's the truth.\" Already black females aren't going with us, thenthe clip is riding on them	Y'all done already. That's the fact of the matter. But see, black women ain't goin' with us, and then the clip is ridin' on 'em.
My lefthand anit been fukcn witt.me these last couple of dayswe bout to be beefn	My friend hasn't that friendly with me these last couple of days we are about to be a odds.	My buddy ain't been real friendly towards me these last few days. We're fixin' to be on different sides.
The Citrus 7's, all black 10's, white & red 10's and the white & purple 10'sneed to come back out.	The Cirtus 7's,All Black 10's, White & Red 10's and the White & Purple 10'sneed to be re-released	The Cirtus 7's, All Black 10's, White & Red 10's, and the White & Purple 10's got to be put back out again.
Would u believe me if I said that I liked u fromthe jump?? ...... because :-/	Would you believe me if I said that I liked you fromthe beginning? Because..	Would you reckon I was tellin' the truth if I said I took a likin' to you right from the start? Cause...
Like if you die and reincarnate... Do not pass go, do not collect$200. Go directly to jail.	Like, if you die and reincarnate... Do not pass Go, do not collect$200. Go directly to jail	If you was to pass on and come back as somethin' else... Skip turn, don't get no $200. Go straight to the slammer.
its suppose to be an inside joke dummy. And yes" ode mmttssgw comeover I'm watching alake alone	It's actually supposed to be an inside joke. And yes, you can come over. I'm watching it alone.	It's really meant to be a private joke between us. And yeah, go ahead and come over. I'm just watchin' it by myself here.
Hopefully I'll get some sleep tonight cauSe I have to be atmy 2nd job at 7am	Hopefully, I'll get some sleep tonight because I have to be at my second job at 7am	I hopes I'll git some shut-eye tonight 'cause I gotta be at mah second job by 7am.
My next off day not until next Wednesday.! I work two doublesthis weekend back to back.!	My next day off is not until next Wednesday! I work two double shiftsthis weekend back to back!	My next day off ain't till next Wednesday! I gots two double shifts this weekend, one right after the other!
Sometimes a lunch time walk is all you need to save yourjob and another mofos life....	Sometimes, a lunch time walk is all you need to save yourjob and another motherfucker's life..	At times, just takin' a stroll durin' lunch break might be all it takes for you to keep yer job and another soul's life saved.
My sinus doin thee fool right now. I'm about to grab this food, takesome mess and be out	Sinus is acting up. I am here to grab food. And leave out.	Sinus actin' up. I's just here to git me some grub. An' leavin' out.
My brother just called me and surprised me with some good news.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now Ican finally go to sleep	My brother just called me and surprised me with some good news! Now Ican finally go to sleep.	My bro call me jus now an' gave me a right good surprise with some real nice news! Ain't that somethin'? Guess I can finally hit the hay.
What if weekend services are not "The Game", but preparation for "The Game" that begins when youralarm goes off Mon am?	What if this activity is just pregaming for the real gamestarting the week.	What if this here activity's jus' a warm-up for the real deal startin' the week.
Are you expecting to hear from God or see Him at worktoday? If not, why not?	Are you expecting to hear from God or see Him at worktoday? If not, why not	Ain't you hopin' to hear from God or see Him doin' some work today? If that ain't the case, why not?
This class is too long especially seeing as I prob/hopefully won't even be in this city much longer. Butbackup plan is always necessary	This class is too long, especially since I probably, and hopefully, won't even be in this city much longer. Buta backup plan is always necessary	This here class is too long-winded, specially considerin' how I'm likely fixin' to leave this town before too long. But it's essential to have a backup plan on hand.
Never SHOW A Man That Your A Good Woman Cus OBVIOUSLY He's Gonna Take Advantage Of It , LET HIMLEARN && EARN POINTS !	Don't ever show a man that you're a good woman because they obviously will take advantage of it, let himfind out on his own and respect you for what you are	Don't never go showin' a man that you're a good woman 'cause they's bound to take advantage of it. Let him find out on his own and respect you for what you is.
I always think why my fridge is empty but to be honest I know why itis :):):):):) I love food	I always wonder why my fridge is empty, but to be honest I already know why it is. I love food.	I reckon I often ponder why my fridge is bare, yet truth be told, I already know the reason for it. I'm just plain fond of grub.
Comcast stay leaving that threatening ass "we were here to pick up your equipment"post it on my door.	Comcast stays leaving that threatening-ass, \"We were here to pick up your equipment\"post-it on my door.	Comcast keeps leavin' that threatening note on my door sayin', "We was here to pick up your equipment" - soundin' mighty rude and menacin'.
Sooo Why is My First Laydee M.I.A - No txt NoCalls wtf is goin on	So why is my girl missing in action? No text, nocalls. What the fuck is going on	So why my girl ain't respondin' neither by text nor call? What in tarnation is goin' on?
… The Mfers I Fucked w/ In My Grammar && Middle School Daysx I Don't Even Fuck w/ Now . Mfers Den Changed ! ButFuck Em I'm Makin $$$	The people that I hung out in high school and middle school days, I don't even talk to now. They changed. But they don't matter, I'm making money.	Folks I was hangin' out with back in them high school and middle school days, I don't hardly speak to 'em now. They done changed. But it ain't got nothin' to do with me, I'm makin' me some money.
No Flo DIDN'T hold hands, bow her head in prayer ask The Lord for help andcuss in the prayer! LOL	No, Flo didn't hold her hands, bow her head, and pray asking the Lord for help andcurse in the prayer. That's funny	No, Flo didn't grab her hands, bend down her head, and mutter a prayer to the Almighty askin' for aid and curse in that prayer. That's a hoot!
Weird as hell as to why I wasnt hungry yesterday, maybebecause I was so tired.	It's weird as hell I wasn't hungry yesterday. Maybebecause I was so tired	It's real strange now, I didn't even feel like eatin' yesterday. Maybe 'cause I was plum tuckered out.
A cross dresser with a great job or a good dresser with 2 felonies who hasn'tworked in 3 yrs ?	A cross dresser with a great job or a good dresser with two felonies who has notworked in three years	There's this person, they're either a cross dresser with a real good job or they're just real sharp in their dressin', but they got two felonies and they ain't worked nothin' in the last three years.
"Silver Lining" really Jackass? People could have lost their lives & ur worryingabout The Heat winning.How insensitive	\"Silver lining\"? Really, jackass? People could have lost their lives and you're worryingabout The Heat winning? How insensitive	"Silver linin'?" Lawd, fool! People could've had their lives taken from 'em and you're frettin' 'bout The Heat winnin'? That's some real heartless insensitivity right there.
I feel ya! I only ball when there is a tournament...still got game thou...lol. If u ever inChi city ill play u...lol	I feel you! I only ball when there is a tournament. Still have game, though. Laugh out loud. If you ever are in Chicago City, I will play you. Laugh out loud.	I feels ya! Ain't no ballin' happenin' but when there's a tourney. Still got it, though. Hee-haw! If y'all ever passes through Chi-town, I'll give you a game. Hee-haw!
****ATTENTION EVERYONE I WILL RESUME THE OLD SCHOOL & HOUSE MUSIC WEDNESDAYS ON SEPTEMBER 4, 2013.. DUETO THE ANNUAL JAZZ EVENT...	For those who are interested, I will be playing the old school and house music again on Wednesdays as of September 4th, 2013... I havemomentarily stopped playing them because of the annual jazz event	Folks what wanna hear it, I'll be playin' that old time and house music once more on Wednesdays, commencin' September 4th, 2013... I had to take a brief pause from playin' 'em due to the yearly jazz do.
Been bungee jumping, but I was bent. Don't think it's enough liquor in the world to getme to jump outta plane.	I've gone bungee jumping, but I was drunk. I don't think there's enough liquor in the world to makeme jump out of a plane	I done went bungee jumpin', but I were plastered. Ain't no amount of liquor in this here world gonna make me jump outta an airplane.
You wack if you decide against posting a tweet just causeyou running late for work	You are not right for holding back a tweet.Because you are running behind.	You ain't fit to be holdin' back a tweet 'cause you're runnin' behind.
whatttttttt? You gotta lil one? Smh...babies having babies. Must be a newborn if youain't been pissed on yet	Too young to have a child and its surprising. Your infant must be super young since you havent been peed on.	That's mighty young of ya to have a baby, and it's sure is surprising. Your little one must be real tiny, seeing as how you ain't been soaked yet.
Its abt time obesity is recognized as a disease. People HAVE 2 eat, no1 has 2 do drugs/drink &both have been declared diseases.	It's about time obesity is recognized as a disease. People have to eat. No one has to do drugs or drink, andboth have been declared diseases	It's long overdue that obesity gets considered a disease. Folks gotta eat. Nobody's obligated to do drugs or drink, and both have been deemed diseases.
Are you guys doing a tasting Saturday? Missed the first few &would love to stop by	Are you all doing a tasting Saturday? I missed the first few andwould love to stop by.	Y'all doin' a tastin' on Saturday? I reckon I missed the beginning an'd be hankerin' to come by an' join y'all.
Uh she wanted 2 recreate a Plantation Theme wedding because she liked thenostalgia of the period? WTF	Uh, she wanted to recreate a Plantation Theme Wedding because she liked thenostalgia of the period? What the fuck	She wanted to have herself a Plantation Theme Wedding again 'cause she was hankerin' for that good ol' nostalgia from that time? Damn, I don't know 'bout that.
Cheese was a taste of the nation silent auction item. Bourbon was fromthe F&W event last year.	Cheese was a Taste of the Nation silent auction item. Bourbon was fromthe F&W event last year	Cheese was up for bid at the Taste of the Nation silent auction. Bourbon come from the F&W event last year.
let me throw a basketball and a stick at yo headand see if cry !	Permit me to throw a basketball and a stick at your headand see if I weep	Allow me to toss a basketball and a stick at your head and see if I cry.
yes maam she/her/me do lol. Are you in the 615 yet?Cant wait to come visit	Yes, ma'am, she does/I do, which makes me laugh. Are you in the 615 yet?I can't wait to come visit	Yessum, she does/I do, an' that tickles me. Ain't you in them 615 codes yet? Can't hardly wait to come pay y'all a visit.
we didnt even say we was going . I just said i want it.U had hooters w/o me	We didn't even say we were going. I just said that I wanted it.You ate Hooters' food without me	We never mentioned goin' neither. All I said was that I wanted it. You went and ate them Hooters' food without me.
I'm mixing up a killer Bellini. And yes - it isfresh puréed peach. As if...	I'm mixing up a great Bellini. And yes, it is fresh puréed peach.	I's fixin' up a real fine Bellini, yessiree. An' yes, it is fresh mashed up peaches.
Ima clippers fan off dump im just going for the pacers bc ion fw the heat	I am a Clippers fan from the beginning. I'm just rooting for the Pacers becausebecause I don't like the Heat	I've been a Clippers supporter since day one. But I'm cheerin' on the Pacers 'cause I ain't got nothin' against 'em, but I just can't stand them Heat.
".. Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes , please don't be scared if me, pleasedon't be scared of me"	Don't believe the lies, just look me in the eyes. Please don't be scared of me, please don't be scared of me.	Don't believe them falsehoods, jus' look me straight in the eye. PLEASE don't be scairt of me, PLEASE don't be scairt of me.
I can't w/ ppl .. I gotta remind myself everyday ,too continue looking Straight Forward	I can't put up with people. I have to remind myself every dayto continue looking straight ahead	I just can't stand people. I gotta keep tellin' myself each and every day to keep on lookin' forward, head held high.
ALOT of people on twitter fronting and for who..cause when you get that ass whooping thats coming to you..they gonbe on here clowning you.	A lot of people on Twitter are posturing, but for whom? Because when you receive the beating that's imminent, they're going to be on here ridiculing you	A whole buncha folks on Twitter is actin' up, but who for? Cause when you get the lickin' that's comin', they'll be on here laughin' at ya.
Been up since 6am LOVE, thanx 4 the wake up , I'm able 2 get myearly morning prayers in .	I've been up since 6am, love. Thank you for waking me up. I was able to get myearly morning prayers in	I've been wide awake since 6am, sweetheart. Appreciate you stirrin' me from my slumber. I managed to fit in mah early mornin' petitions.
The women of have returned and they are truly giving God praisethat they have SURVIVED !	Women came back and in good spirits. The are living.	The women come back all happy and lively. They're still kickin'.
It's beginning to make sense. My Father was born on Aug 11. Hip Hop was also born on Aug 11. Pops was Crazy withwords. Need I say more???	It's beginning to make sense. My father was born on August 11th. Hip hop was also born on August 11th. My father was very good with words. Need I say more	It's startin' to come together. My daddy was born on August 11th. Hip hop was born on that same day, August 11th. My daddy had a way with words. Ain't that something?
my shit is "Streets Made of Gold" he went in on that one."<<Oh Yea that song I puton repeat when I'm riding	My shit is \"Streets Made of Gold.\" He went in on that one.It is on repeat when I am riding.	My stuff got the name "Golden Streets." That there took it to another level. It's playin' on a loop when I'm ridin'.
This Is the first time I've actually been able to watch tvin a long time ...	This is the first time I've actually been able to watch TVin a long time	This here's the first time I've really been able to sit down and watch me some TV in a long, long time.
I Took My Flat Screen Out And Put It In The Living Room Why'llI Sleep In Here, Lbs	I took my flat-screen out and put it in the living room. Why willI sleep in here, laughing but serious	I took my flat-screen telly out and brought it into the livin' room. But why would I be sleepin' in here, laughin' but meanin' it too.
Dree The Only Girl I REALLY Loved. Rest Of Them GirlsIdk Were Not For Me.	Dree is the only woman I really loved. The rest of those women, I don't know, were not for me	Dree's the only gal I truly loved. Ain't no tell which others gals, they weren't meant for me.
I Need To Stop Getting In My Feelings Thats All, MfssSo Flip Floppy With Me	I need to stop getting in my feelings, that's all... Mother fuckers.So flippy floppy with me	I gotta quit lettin' myself get all worked up, y'know what I'm sayin'? Damn mother fuckers, they just can't leave me alone. So there I go, actin' all flip-floppy with 'em.
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers, men who aren't the fathers but play the role, & all the women who HAVEto fill in for fathers.	Happy Father's Day to all the fathers, men who aren't fathers but play the role, and all of the women who haveto fill in for fathers	Happy Father's Day to ever'body bein' a daddy, that man what ain't no father but plays the part, and all them women doin' their best to step in as a daddy.
My Mama Finna Go To My Grandma House, And Miesha Finna ComeOver And We Finna Smoke	My mom is getting ready to go to my grandma's house, and Miesha is getting ready to come over. We're going to smoke.	My mama's fixin' to head on over to my granny's house. Miesha's gonna be comin' on by. We're all set to light up and have us a good ol' time.
I made the suggestion to go out. Now that is time to get ready, Ichanged my mind. I'm terrible...	I made the suggestion to go out. Now that it is time to get ready, I changed my mind. I'm terrible	I went and put forth the idea 'bout goin' out. But now that it's time for us to get ourselves all dressed up, I've gone and changed my mind. I'm a real piece of work when it comes to makin' up my mind.
I hate when dudes say "maybe I'll carry you one day if you act right." How about I act the same andcarry myself. Good day sir!	I hate when men say, \"Maybe I'll carry you one day if you behave correctly.\" How about I behave the same way andcarry myself? Good day, sir	I can't stand it when men go on about, "Might be I'll pick ya up one of these days if ya act right." Well how 'bout I act the same way and carry myself? That's all from me, sir.
Can't blame Rachel, I'm sure her mother speaks that way. The cyclehas to be stopped somewhere	I can't really blame Rachel. I'm sure that her mother speaks that way. The cyclehas to be stopped somewhere.	I reckon it's hard to point the finger at Rachel. I bet her mama talks that way. That cycle needs to be broke somethin' fierce.
now u see how a Nigga be feel in !?! But don't say fuckmee I been here woop	Here is how I feel. Everyone has been there.	Here's what I'm thinkin'. Everybody's been in that same boat.
I'm just ready to do a video with French Montana NdKirk bangz no lie fam	He is doing a video with a famous personwith kirk and he isnt lying to the community.	He's makin' a video with a famous person, it's him and Kirk, and he ain't lyin' to the folks in the community.
Tonight was quite eventful. I did meet some cool dude. Its crazy that noneof them like girls. Smh	Tonight was quite eventful. I did meet some cool dude. It's crazy that noneof them like girls. Shaking my head	Tonight was real excitin'. I did run into somethin' cool, a real neat fella. It's hard to believe but not one of 'em seems to care for girls. Can't make this stuff up. Just shake my head.
I like that AT&T commerical with the couple singing off that atlanticstarr song for some reason	That commercial is really good with the couples singing off the record. The starr song stands out.	That there commercial is real purty good, what with all them couplins singin' off key. The Star song sticks out mighty fine.
Don't be around for the moment, messing with me will get you fucked if you fuck meover just for the moment...	Do not be around for the moment. Messing with me will get you fucked if you fuck meover just for the moment	For now, don't be hangin' 'round me. If ya mess with me, ya better watch out. Ya might get yourself in a world of trouble if ya fuck with me, even just for a moment.
I just look like this don't get it twisted I will fuck youup and leave you stankin.	I just look like this. Don't mistake me, I will hurt youand leave you for dead.	I jus' appear like this here. Ain't no mistakin', I'll lay a hurt on ya and then be gone, leavin' ya for dead.
That moment when autotext insist on putting the antonym of eachword im trying to type...	It is frustrating when autotext puts the antonym of the work I'm trying to type	It's real aggravatin' when that autotext goes and types the opposite word of what I'm tryna type.
The moment when you wish your friend would loose because you wanna go home butthey keep winning every game	It’s the moment when you wish your friend would lose because you want to go home butthey keep winning every game.	It's that very instant when you're hopin' your buddy would lose 'cause you're longin' to head on home, but they just keep on winnin' every single game.
it got a little dry in the middle with those random storiesbut it picked back up	It got a little dry in the middle with those random stories, but it picked back up	It was gettin' a mite dull in the midst with them here random tales, but it bounced right back.
Cookout get the fuck on with that "my pleasure" shit... That'sfor Chik Fil a only.	Cookout. Seriously, stop with saying \"my pleasure.\" That'sfor Chick-fil-a only	Cookout. Now y'all quit sayin' \"my pleasure.\" That's just for Chick-fil-a.
wow that's a great story. Had to scroll down to catch the beginning.The ankh caught my eye	Wow, that's a great story. I had to scroll down to figure out the beginning.The ankh was very interesting	Wow, that's a fine tale. I had to keep on scrollin' to find the start of it. Them ancient Egyptian symbols, like the ankh, were real intriguing.
Dudes will want to fight if they think you looking at they girl but get mad when you tell them shemad ugly I wasn’t looking	Dudes will want to fight if they think you are looking at their girl, but get mad when you tell them she isreally ugly. I was not looking.	Dudes'll wanna scrap if they believe you're checkin' out their gal, but holler when you tell 'em she's real ugly. I wasn't lookin'.
Light skin chics spoiled because y’all dudes wanna eat them out and not hit nowshe think she the shyt	Light-skinned women are spoiled because all of you men want to perform oral sex on them and not have intercourse. Nowthey think they're the best	Light-skinned gals is thought to be high-maintenance 'cause y'all men wanna do them oral favors instead of makin' love. Now they believe they's the tops.
Hey it was good to see you again! Didn't get a chance to talkbut wanted to congratulate you.	Hey!  It was good to see you again! We didn’t get a chance to talkbut I wanted to congratulate you	Hey there! Glad to see ya again! Ain't had the pleasure of chatlin' with ya, but I wanted to go ahead and congratulate you.
I'm so happy for all the young men that was drafted I wish you allthe best with your career.	I’m so happy for all the young men who were drafted. I wish you allthe best with your career.	I'm just tickled pink for all y'all young fellas what got drafted. I hopes y'all do real good with y'all's careers.
and you're gonna stop hyping Red Coat Tavern. I've had them both and Red Coatcouldn't come close to Cutters.	You'd better stop talking about how good Red Coat Tavern is. I've had them both and Red Coatcan't come close to Cutters	You'd best shut yer trap bout how great Red Coat Tavern is. I've had 'em both an' Red Coat just can't measure up to Cutters.
one time this man said he actually watched the show before wtf you get in the car for then ifyou know what's gonna happen	One time, this man said that he actually watched the show before. What did you get in the car for then, if you know what's going to happen.	One time, this here man claimed he seen that there show afore. But what'd ya go an' put in the car then, if y'all know what's fixin' to go down.
I wonder what reaction would be if Danny Brown come out to doTerrorist Threats with Ab Soul.	I wonder what reaction I would get if Danny Brown would come out to doTerrorist Threats with Ab Soul	I reckon folks would holler if Danny Brown was to show up and do Terrorist Threats together with Ab Soul.
I hate an extra motherfucka. Change what I need changed and keep it moving stop askingall these irrelevant ass questions	I hate an extra motherfucker. Change what I need changes, and keep it moving. Stop askingall these irrelevant ass questions	I can't stand that extra so-and-so. Make the necessary adjustments and let's get this show on the road. Quit askin' all them irrelevant questions.
no offense, but everyone is bigger than you. Lol. Gotta step it up and make it knows straws andbeers are not a couple!	No offense, but everyone is bigger than you. lol You have to make it knownthat you aren't weak.	Ain't no disrespect intended, but ev'rybody's bigger 'n you. You best let 'em know you ain't no pushover.
it's nice to know my starvation yesterday due to a lackof shawarma humors you ;)	It's nice to know that the reason that I was starving yesterday was due to a lack of shawarma humors you.	It's kindly to know that the cause I were hungry yesterday was 'cause of a shortage of shawarma humor, ya'll laugh about it.
Any worker who prepares my burrito bowl will be adding steak no double steak charge and my bowl will have enoughrice. Not time for games	Whoever is making my bowl will put the right amount of meet without extra charges. I am being serious about my food.	Whoever's makin' my bowl, they best put the right amount of meat on it, no extra charges. I'm dead serious 'bout mah food.
oh no butthole licker you go to school whaaa ? Mama (me) hasn't seen herbaby (you) in a while	Oh no, you butt hole licker, you go to school. I haven't seen my baby in a while.	Oh dear, you're actin' like a fool, you best be headin' to school. I miss my little one though, it's been a spell since I've seen 'em.
Aren't they a little late with selling this chicken and waffle chips or was that theflavor that won the challenge?	Aren't they a little late with selling this chicken and waffle chips? Wasn't that the last flavor that won the challenge?	Ain't they cuttin' it close sellin' these here chicken an' waffles chips? Weren't that the last flavor what won them that there contest?
They talk about makin 30k/month, But u dont sign up, and 8months later they in the samesituation they been in. Broke.	They are talking about making $30,000 a month, but you didn't sign up, and eight months later, they are in the samesituation that they've been in. Broke	They's discussin' 'bout makin' thirty grand a month, but you never signed up, and eight months down the line, they're still in the same ol' fix they've been in. Strapped for cash.
Wish I knew someone with a truck ain't eem tryna spend200 on a uhaul truck	I wish I knew someone with a truck. I am not trying to spend200 on a U-Haul truck.	I do wish I knew somebody that had a pickup truck. Ain't tryna spend two hundred bucks on a U-Haul truck neither.
Lets talk about how I went pee this morning and my damn bonnet fell in thetoilet. Pissed. Literally and figuratively	Let me tell you about how I went to urinate this morning and my hat fell into thetoilet. I am pissed. In more ways than one	Let me tell ya 'bout this mornin'. I was headin' to the john to take a leak, and my hat dropped in the toilet. I'm madder 'n a wet hen 'bout it. In more ways than one.
I been hearing these schemes since i was 18yrs old... I aint seen one dude closeto me become a "billionaire"...	I’ve been hearing these schemes since I was 18 years old. I haven’t seen one guy closeto me become a “billionaire”.	I've been hearin' 'bout them get-rich-quick schemes since I were eighteen year old. Ain't none of the fellas close to me turned into no "billionaires" yet.
Sometimes it's easy to let someone's negative opinion or thoughts about youmake you upset or frustrated.	Sometimes, it's easy to let someone's negative opinion or thoughts about youmake you upset or frustrated	At times, it can be real easy for somebody's mean words or thoughts 'bout you to make you all riled up or peeved.
of course... It's about ratings and money... Gotta go 7 games to sale tixand make money on comericals.	Of course, it's about ratings and money. Has to go seven games to sell ticketsand make money on commercials	Course, it's 'bout ratings an' moneymakin'. Gotta play seven games to sell tickets an' make money on them commercials.
cleanser and benzoyl peroxide.: Im out of town and I accidentally left my stuff so my skin is kind ofmad at me right now	Cleanser and Benzoyl Peroxide: I'm out of town, and accidentally left my stuff. So, my skin is kind ofmad at me right now	Cleanser and Benzoyl Peroxide: I ain't here, and forgot my things. My skin's mighty mad at me now.
This panel aint got no jokes... No pranks... No arguments... Chuck,Kenny, and SHAQ be clowning.	This panel doesn't have any jokes: no pranks, no arguments. Chuck,Kenny, and Shaq are clowning	This here panel ain't got no jokes: no tricks, no squabbles. But Chuck, Kenny, and Shaq is carryin' on like the Three Stooges.
you don't have an issue with it giving you raccoon eyes? Cause by the end of the day that'swhat I'm dealing with lol	Don't you have an issue with it giving you raccoon eyes? Because at the end of the day, that'swhat I'm dealing with. I'm laughing.	Ain't you got somethin' about it makin' you look like a raccoon when you're all done? I mean, that's what I'm goin' through here. I'm just laughin'.
I really need to make breakfast butttttt I've been lazy this weekback on it next week	I really need to make breakfast, but I've been lazy this week.I'll get back on it next week	I reckon I gotta make me some breakfast, but I've been slackin' this past week. I'll git back at it next week.
Don't count how many new friends you can make. Count how manyold ones you can keep."	Don't count how many new friends you can make. Count how manyold ones you can keep	Don't be tryin' to count up how many new pals you can make. Instead, focus on countin' how many old ones you can still keep around.
I take my charger EVERYWHERE! School Library Beach Mall Park Church Hospital you neverknow where a socket at."	I take my charger everywhere. The school, the library, the beach, the mall, the park, the church, the hospital. You neverknow where a socket will be	I carry my charger around ev'rywhere. The school, the libray, the beach, the mall, the park, the church, the hospital. You just nebber know where y'all find a socket.
Don't judge me I jus hate ratchet ass bitchez ! Like dat shyt not kool y u wannabe ratchet let me no	Don't judge me, I just hate ratchet-ass bitches. Like that shit is not cool, why do you want tobe ratchet? Let me know	Don't be judgin' me, but I can't stand them low-class broads. That kinda behavior ain't classy, why would ya wanna act ratchet? Let me know if ya get what I mean.
I Roll Up n these hoes be hating becuz I don't wont themget a life bitch !!!	I arrive at my destination, and these women are upset because I don’t want to be in a relationship with them. Go do something better with your time, woman	I get to where I'm goin', and these gals is all riled up 'cause I ain't interested in bein' in a relationship with 'em. You go do somethin' better with your time, gal.
yep i gave the bag back tuesday.. But now i think imcoming down with a cold	Yes, I gave the bag back on Tuesday... But now I think I'mcoming down with a cold	Yessiree, I did give that sack of mine back on a Tuesday... But now I reckon I'm gettin' a touch of a cold.
Im lowkey about to pass out on my couch... But before i do cani talk my shit twitter	I'm kind of about to pass out on my couch... But before I do, canI say the shit I wanna say, Twitter	I reckon I'm fixin' to black out on my couch... But afore I do, can I git out what I wanna say, Twitter.
the trouble with being my complexion is I get confused when black twitter disses light skin girls…amI grouped in that category?	The trouble with being my complexion is that I get confused when Black Twitter talks badly about light skinned girls... AmI grouped in that category	The downside of me havin' this here complexion is, I gets mighty perplexed when Black Twitter speaks ill 'bout fair-skinned gals... Ain't I lumped in with them?
Ok Im over all these Kendrick Memes man… you can't flood my timeline or instagram like its the rapesloth or drake walking away	Okay. I'm over all these Kendrick memes, man... You can't flood my timeline or Instagram like it's the rapesloth or Drake walking away	Alrighty then. I'm plum tuckered out by all them Kendrick Lamar memes, man. Can't none of 'em be drownin' my newsfeed or Instagram like it's the rapesloth or Drake doin' the walkaway.
LMAO don't judge me man I just like to interact with my animal crackersbefore they meet there demise	I'm laughing my ass off. Don't judge me, man. I just like to interact with my animal crackersbefore they meet their demise	I'm laughin' mah booty off. Ain't no need for you to be judgin' me, man. I jus' like to engage with my animal crackers before they hit the big time... or meet their maker.
Bow Wow u cant get Ciara back... U knew it was over after 50 Cent got a hold of her. He got her on tapewaitin for u to slip	Bow Wow you can't go back to dating Ciara because she is dating 50 cent. He has memories with her waiting for you to try and date her again.	Bow Wow, you can't go back to courtin' Ciara 'cause she's datin' Fifty Cent. He's got memories of her waitin' on you to come try and date her again.
Juicy J has me throwing money at strippers this morning viahis game on his site	Juicy J has me throwing money at strippers this morning viahis game on his site.	Juicy J got me tossin' cash at them dancers this mornin', all through his game on his website.
Wonder what the rap game would be like if biggie smallsand 2pac was still alive	I wonder what the rap industry would be like if Biggie Smallsand Tupac were still aliv	I reckon the rap game'd be different if Biggie Smalls and Tupac was still around.
A nigga rather be with the hoe than to be with the female who heldthem down...I don't get it	A black man rather be with the hoe than to be with the female who heldthem down. I do not get it.	A black fella'd rather hang out with the tramp than be with the gal who kept 'im in line. I don't understand it neither.
Telly hungry ass ain't going to watch the game she just wannaeat lol" don't do me	Tell her hungry self she isn't going to watch the game. She just wantsto eat, not spend time with me.	Tell her starved up self she ain't gonna watch the game. She jus' wanna eat, not hang out with me.
I always wake up hungry no matter how much I eatbefore I go to bed	I am always hungry.Even before I fall asleep.	I'm always hungry. Afore I even hit the hay.
Half y'all mfs ask y'all own questions on ask.me and answer them..I be knowinglol" lmao how you know	Some people are asking questions and answering them to repost for social media followers. How do you know?	Some folks is askin' queries and answerin' 'em to re-post for their social media peeps. I reckon that's what's goin' on.
Getting your ass ate feels so violating I could never look at him the same again" have aseat under the bed bih	Having your ass eaten is such a violation. I could never look at him the same way again. Have a seat under the bed, bitch	Havin' yer behind gnawed on is somethin' real nasty. I reckon I could neva look at him the same way agin. Sit yerself down under the bed, honey.
If a nigga don't like me he hating.." Naw maybe theyjust don't like ya ass	\"If someone doesn't like me, they're hating.\" No, maybe theyjust don't like you	"If somebody ain't got nothin' for me, they ain't hatin'. They might jus' not care for me."
The things people say about me don't phase me, simply cause Itruly knows what goes on	The things people say about me don't phase me, simply because I truly know what goes o	Folks say all sorts of things 'bout me, but it don't rattle me none. That's just 'cause I really do know what's goin' on.
Traci sweetie you don't come to a man with no he say she saymess on the first date	Traci, sweetie, you shouldn't bother a man with any \"he said, she said\"nonsense on a first date	Traci, honey, don't go bringin' no \"he said, she said\" nonsense to a man on the first date.
Been waiting on phone call for TWO days...damn!" It's safe tosay they not calling lol	\"Been waiting for a phone call for two days, damn!\" It's safe tosay they're not going to call, and I'm laughing	"Sittin' here waitin' on the phone for two whole days, dang it! But I reckon they ain't gonna call, and I'm just laughin' about it."
Now how this bih get mad when she the 1 catfished my mans" that's what Isaid. I'm like this bitch	Now how did this bitch get mad, when she's the one who catfished my boyfriend? That's what I said. I'm like, can you believe this bitch	Now how 'bout that, this here woman got herself all riled up, but it was her who was deceivin' my boyfriend, ain't that something? I told her, can you believe this here woman?
I wish they would build new dorms for the kids at A&M. Motel6 better than those dorms	I wish they would build new dorm rooms for the students at A&M University. Motel6's rooms are better than the dorm rooms there	I sure do wish they'd construct some fresh dorm rooms for the scholars at A&M University. The rooms at a Motel6 beats those dorm rooms, I reckon.
I Can't wait to file these daycare cost on my taxes!!My Jesus its killing me!!!	I can't wait to deduct these costs for daycare on my tax forms!!My god, they're making me broke!!	I can't hardly wait to take off them daycare costs on mah tax papers! Lawd have mercy, them little ones is makin' me near bankrupt!
My iPhone5 is looking rough. Just another reason to grab the new one whenit comes out this fall.	My Iphone 5 is looking rough. Just another reason to get the new one, when it comes out this fall.	My iPhone 5 ain't lookin' so good no more. Guess that's another good reason for me to be gettin' that new one, when it comes out this here fall.
nigga was overrated at QB. And the other niggas out shinned him in scrimmage. He played in hstho. He should be good	The black person was overrated as a quarterback. And the other black people outshone him in scrimmage. He played in high school,though. He should be good	That there black fella got too much hype as a quarterback. An' them other black folks outplayed him in practice. He played football in high school, though. He oughta be alright.
At the Barbershop about to get this cut. I swear thisplace is 24 hours lol	At the barbershop, about to get this cut. I swear thisplace is 24-hours. Laugh out loud.	At the barber shop, fixin' to get this here cut. Lawd have mercy on me, this place is open 24-hours. Hee-haw!
Somebody on FB asked what was a good hotel to stay in in Vegas and somebody replied 'Circus Circus' lmfao that's likethe worst on the strip	Somebody on Facebook asked what a good hotel to stay in Vegas was and somebody replied 'Circus Circus'. I'm laughing my fucking ass off, that's likethe worst on the strip	Somebody on Facebook asked what a good hotel to stay at in Vegas was, and somebody answered 'Circus Circus'. I'm just about rollin' on the floor laughin', that's about the worst on the strip you can get.
Wowww really sum niggaz do the most....unloyal aint the word to it...then u wonderin why nobody reallyfucks wit you....straight played out	Wow, some guys are really unpleasant... Being disloyal can't even describe what they do... Then they wonder why nobodylikes them... So lame.	Wow, some fellas sure can be unpleasin'. Disloyalty, I don't think words could truly capture what they do. And then they're wonderin' why nobody likes 'em... Just so darn sad and pathetic.
My next project is slowly approaching.. Almost there.. Second drop forthe year.. Produced entirely by	My next project is slowly approaching... Almost there... Second drop forthe year... Produced entirely b	My nex' project is creepin' up close... Near 'bout there... Second drip fer the year... Made every bit by
Ok yall we got a NNBT in full affect ~Nukka Needing Bus Tickets~ if you know or suspect someone of knowing who gotsome Get at yo dude	The writer needs transport and tickets to a busplease share	The writer needs a ride and bus tickets. Please help out.
To test if ur breath smells, lick the back of ur hand, wait 5sec. If yo nose hairs melt.... yobreath stink. just fyi lol	To test if your breath smell's, lick the back of your hand and wait 5 second's. If your nose hair's melt yourbreath stinks. Just so you know that’s funny.	To see if your breath is puttin' off a smell, lick the back of your hand and wait 5 minutes. If your nose hairs start to melt, then your breath stinks. Just so you know, that's supposed to be funny.
Somebody told me that coochi tastes like chicken. Well, One day imma find outwhat chicken taste like lol	Somebody told me that vagina tastes like chicken. Well, one day, I'm going to find outwhat chicken tastes like, that's funny	Someone told me that pussy tastes like chicken. Now, I reckon one day I'ma find out what the hell chicken tastes like, that's a laugh.
Ole I saw you and him, walking in the rain. You were holding hands and ill never bethe same looking ass. Lmao	Oh yeah, I saw you and him, walking in the rain. You were holding hands, and I'll never bethe same looking ass. Laughing my ass off	Well, I did see you and him, walkin' in the rain y'all were. You had a hold of each other's hands, and I do believe I'll never see the same sight again. Ha! I was laughin' my head off.
Im so glad to be off work, I thought Darryl was gone have to slap a bytch today.I need to be touched.	I'm so glad to be off of work. I thought Darryl was gone, I didn't want to get into a fight today. I need to be touched.	I's mighty pleased as punch to be done with work. I figured Darryl had skedaddled, didn't want no part of a ruckus today. I do believe I hanker for a touch.
We got 10 fingers. INDEX to point out shyt, RING for marriage, THUMBS for approval, PINKIE for swearing, theMIDDLE for tha HATERS Ijs	We have ten fingers, the index finger to point, the ring finger for marriage, the thumb to show approval, the pinkie for pinkie swears, and themiddle finger is for telling people off	We got us ten fingers. The index finger is for pointin', the ring finger's for weddings, the thumb's for showin' approval, the pinkie's for pinkie swears, and the middle finger's for tellin' folks off.
Wow Im overwhelmed by the love yall showing a brotha. It feels good to be loved. Im blessed to have a wonderful groupof friends. You gu ...	Thanks for recognizing me and being part of my group.you all are the real heroes.	I sure do appreciate you folks knowin' me and joinin' my gang. Y'all are the true heroes.
I just tripped of sumthing ppl dont even say grace no more. They just take a picture of the food then upload it toinstagram and fb. No lol	I just got messed up about something. People don't even say Grace anymore. They just take a picture of the food, then upload it to Instagram and Facebook. No, that's funny	I jus' got all confused 'bout sumpthin'. Folks don't even say Grace no more. They jus' take a picter of the grub, den they upload it to Insta-gram and Face-book. No, that's real funny.
I think i want me a touch screen flip phone. Or a touch screenpager made by skytel lmao	I think I want a touch screen flip phone. Or a touch screenpager made by Skytel, I'm laughing my ass off	I reckon I might hanker after me a touch screen flip phone. Or a touch screen pager from Skytel. I'm just about rollin' on the floor laughin'.
Damn I must've slept weird cuz I woke up and my arm was stiff.....All three of them Lmao	Damn, I must have slept weird because I woke up and my arm was stiff... All three of them. I'm laughing out loud	Dang, I reckon I musta slept funny 'cause when I woke up, all three of my arms were stiff as a board! I'm just sittin' here laughin' out loud!
Why you trippin I ain't even did nothin and you called me a jerk that's okay I'll take it this time but aye do me a favorcall me jerk o ...	Why are you overreacting? I didn't even do anything and you called me a jerk. That's okay, I'll take it this time, but hey, do me a favor:call me jerk-o	Why you hollerin' so loud? I ain't even done nothin', and you call me a mean ol' jerk. That's all right with me, I'll take it on the chin this time. But hey, could ya do me a favor? Call me a mean ol' jerk-o instead.
Knock knock. Who's there? Ben. Ben who? Ben dover and I'llshow ya! Ha ha lol	Knock knock. Who's there? Ben. Ben who? Ben Dover and I'llshow you! Ha ha, laughing out loud at that	Knock, knock. Who's there? Ben. Ben who? Ben Dover here, and I'm fixin' to show ya! Hee-haw, laughin' like a hick at that!
He just txtd me this "Baby you may be sleep but I was just thinking about you ,I love you boo. "	He just texted me this: \"Baby you may be asleep but I was just thinking about you,I love you boo.\	He jus' texted me this here: "Baby, you might be sleepin' but I was jus' thinkin' 'bout you. I loves ya, boo."
It's 1:00am and I'm still up . Pourquoi? Smfh Tchao. I guess I'm going tobed unless He calls me.	It is late and I am awake. Why? It's because of a man and I am waiting for his phone call.	It's real late and I can't sleep. That's 'cause I'm fixin' to get a call from some fella. I'm just settin' here waitin'.
I'm not cocky i'm confident , so when you tell me i'm the best, it's a compliment !	I'm not cocky, I'm confident. So when you tell me I'm the best,it's a compliment	I ain't all big-headed, I'm just feelin' real good about myself. So when you go tellin' me I'm the top dog, that's just somethin' nice you're sayin'.
First thing a person say in a relationship bae we no matter what ! 3 months later they gonafter 1 argument tf bitch	First thing a person says in a relationship, \"Bae, we, no matter what!\" Three months later they are goneafter one argument. What the fuck, bitch.	First thing a person says in a relationship down South, "Babe, us, no matter what!" Three months later they're packin' up and leavin' after just one arguement. What the hell, honey.
Im single cause im ugly aab ""You dont know the struggle "I beugly on Tuesdays so ik	I'm single because I am ugly. You don't know what it's likesince you are not as ugly	I'm still singlen 'cause I'm an ugly one. You ain't got no idea what it's like since you ain't as ugly as me.
.Somebody told me So && So say I think I'm all that ! I replied back I know that Bx gonnalet me think it !	Somebody told me so and so says I think I'm the best in every way! I replied that I know they're going tolet me think that	Someone told me that so-and-so thinks he's the best in every way. I said I knew they'd let him believe that.
I pop off BY myself Bee-Leave-Zat !!! Ain't nobody gotta dive behind me I got me " well, im still iz ."	I blow up by myself, believe that. Nobody has to go behind my back; I do it myself. \"Well,I'm still the same.\	I blows up on my own, you better believe that. Ain't nobody gotta sneak around my back; I does it myself. "Well, I's still the same."
If you got hoes why u need me ? If u got mewhy u need hoes ?	If you have whores, why do you need me? If you have me,why do you need whores	If y'all got yourselves some harlots, why do y'all need me? But if y'all got me, then why do y'all need them harlots?
, BROKE hoes will never get it TRYING to argue w / Me over a DICK catch your LIFE beforeit falls out the WINDOW	Broke women will never get anywhere trying to argue with me over a man. Catch your life beforeit falls out the window	Poor women ain't never gonna go nowhere tryin' to argue with me 'bout some man. You better catch yore life 'fore it falls out the window.
Hey justin imma let u know i love youre music im a big fan and i listen to your musiceveryday when i get up	Hey Justin, I want to let you know I love your music. I'm a big fan and I listen to your musiceveryday when I get up	Hey Justin, I got somethin' to tell ya. I done told ya before, but I jus' wanna make it clear: I lak yer mu-sic, Justin. I'm a right big fan of yours, an' I listen to yer mu-sic every day when I get up.
Crichton Group continues to grow. Looking to add another Account Manager to my benefits team, please contactme if you are interested.	Crichton Group continues to grow. I'm looking to add another account manager to my benefits team. Please contactme if you are interested	Crichton Group is still expandin'. I'm aimin' to hire another account manager for my benefits team. If you're intersted, please give me a call.
Seen two dead roaches on the floor while at returning equipment.Keep up the good work	I saw two dead roaches on the floor while returning equipment.Keep up the good work	I seen two dead roaches layin' on the floor when I was bringin' back that equipment. Keep up the good work.
Jus got off bout to turn up!!! It feels Gud to be a workin man again smh boy I tell u hmuif u got da number	Just got off work and I'm about to party. It feels good to be a working man again. Contact meif you have my number	Jus' finished work an' Ah'm 'bout to whoop it up. Feels real good to be a workin' man once more. Give me a holler if y'all got my number.
Been using their browser app for some time now along with a good torrent app.. theworld is mine anywhere anytime.	I've been using their browser application for some time now, along with a good torrent application. Theworld is mine, anywhere, anytime	I've been usin' their browser app for quite a while now, together with a real good torrent program. The world's all mine, any place, any time.
El que dice que la abstinencia es buena no sabe de que habla. Es malo para lamente como para el cuerpo.	He who says abstinence is good does not know what he is talking about. It's bad for the mind as well as the body	That fella sayin' abstinence is good don't know what in tarnation he's goin' on about. Ain't good neither for the mind nor the body.
I love her to death but she still a hoe and I'm still a nigga soyou know how that go	I really do like her but she is what she is and I am still a man. I will take my shot with her.	I sure do like her, but she's just the way she is, and I'm still just a man. I'm gonna give it a try with her.
But He Got One Moe Time To Hit Me Wit That JacketAnd Ima Beat His Ass	But he has one more chance to hit me with that jacketand I'm going to beat his ass	But he got one more shot at throwin' that jacket at me, and I'm gonna whup his butt.
Never understood why 7 make their standard jeans with Buttons.... Wtf imma do ifi gotta piss real bad	Why do they use buttons instead of zipper on this model of jeans. I have to pee and it makes it harder	Why in tarnation they puttin' on them buttons as an alternative to zippers on these here jeans of that particular model? I gots to go take a whiz and it makes it a whole lot more difficult, you ask me.
I'm the only one out of my friends with cable right now;they not gone use me	I am the only one out of my friends with cable at the moment.They are not going to take advantage of me	I'm the sole one amongst my pals who's got cable right now. They ain't gonna make use of me.
Niggas be like "Babe, I can give you the world. She be like "Give me your phoneHe be like "Holdup uhhhh....	Dudes say, \"Babe, I can you the world.\" And then she says, \"Give me your phone.\"Then he says, \"Wait a minute, uh...\	Folks say, "Sweetheart, I'd give ya the moon if I could." And then she asks, "Hand me yer phone." Then he says, "Hold on now, uh..."
hey ill be needing some attractive chicks for my future projectshit me up if interested	Writer is a photographer needing models? Let me know!	Writer's a photographer an' needs models? Lemme know!
I give myself a high five every time I pass a trooper andI'm going the speed limit.	I give myself a high five every time I pass a trooper and I'm going the speed limit	I give myself a good ol' pat on the back each time I drive by a state trooper and I'm keepin' it at the speed limit.
Change is fo the good but sometimes change is fo the bad( only time will tell)	change is relativehow the change works will be judged by hindsight.	Change is somethin', now how that change happens, that'll be determined by lookin' back.
I need a Natural Hair Stylists in Atlanta to take careof my dredds...please recommend someone...thanks	I need stylist who does natural hair in Atlanta to take careof my dreadlocks. Please recommend someone...thanks	I needs me a stylist in Atlanta what specializes in natur'l hair, to tend to my dreads. If y'all got any recommendations, please do let me know...many thanks.
I did write you back I thought you fell asleep on me !! How did I know youwould tweet about me hahahaha	I did write you back. I thought you fell asleep on me! How did I know youwould Tweet about me? Ha ha	I did go ahead and write you back. I reckon you must've dozed off on me! How in the world was I supposed to know you'd be tweetin' 'bout me? Hee hee.
Everybody check out my lil cousin C Watt mixtape on (you thought wrong) this young nigga unsigned and abeast on the rap tip	Everybody, check out my little cousin, C Watt's, mixtape (you thought wrong). This young black man is unsigned and abeast on the rap tip.	Ev'rybody, take a look at my li'l cousin, C Watt's, mixtape (y'all thought wrong). This here young unsigned black man is a beast on the rap scene.
Ugh....ppl kill me when they say some shit and u speak on it but theyget attitudlem bout the shit	People kill me when they say some shit and you speak about it, but theyget an attitude about it	Folks act real purty mad at me when they say some nonsense and I go on and talk about it, but they get all huffy about it.
Kiddos are eating so im sitting outside trying to convince them everything going to be alright as long as weare together as a team	The kids are eating, so I'm sitting outside trying to convince them everything is going to be all right as long as weare together as a team	The younguns is eatin', so I's settin' out here tryin' to persuade 'em ev'rythang gon' be just fine as long as we're all together as a team.
Well kids about to head to bed about to finish off sausage gravy and rice then shuthouse down for some zzzz	Well, the children are about to go to sleep, and I'm about to finish eating suasage gravy and rice and then lock upthe house for some sleep	Well, the younguns are fixin' to hit the sack, and I'm near 'bout finishin' up this here supper of sausage gravy and rice, then I'll be securin' up the old homestead for some shut-eye.
Watching on and pretty impressed with his transformation from selfish to family manand his relationship w/his wife.	Continuing to watch and I'm pretty impressed with his transformation from selfish to family manand his relationship with his wife	And I'm still watchin', mighty impressed with his change from all 'bout him to daddy, and his bond with his missus.
llssss fuck he at"son he came out the creases and and was geekin askin 21questions for ur address lmfao	Please fuck. He is at someone he came out the creases and was geeking. Asking 21questions for your address. Laughing my fucking ass off	Please have sex. He's at sombody's, come out from the wrinkles and was actin' real curious. Askin' twenty-one questions for your address. Laughin' my goddamn ass off.
I Woke Up 5 Dis Morning Tweakin Like Pookie "naked sweatinlike u popped a Molly..	I woke up this morning high took the drug molly.	I waked up this mornin' feelin' high 'cause I took me some of that there molly.
let me take my ass to checkers then go home I'mschleepy"bring me a big Buford	Let me take my ass to Checkers, then go home. I'msleepy.\" Bring me a Big Buford	Let me run my behind on over to Checkers, then head back home. I'm tuckered out.\" Pass me a Big Buford.
Jus crushed a whole steak and cheese wit the salt pepper thick cut fries with the bombest fruit punch Iever had... I'm Gucci now	I just ate a whole steak and cheese with salt and pepper, thick cut fries, and the best fruit punch I'veever had... I'm good now	I jus' finished off a whole steak an' cheese, seasoned with plenty of salt an' pepper, thick cut fries on the side, an' the most delicious fruit punch I ever did taste... I'm all set now.
Man damn u i bet i wnt say shit to u no mo on myma fuk dt ion care	Man, damn you. I bet I won't say shit to you anymore. I swear on my mom. Fuck it, I don't even care	Man, dang you. I reckon I won't be sayin' nothin' to you no more. I swear on my mama. Hell, I don't even give a hoot anymore.
Man i cnt take this ish tryna love someone who dnt een care bout cha n who dnt love ya bk n playing round wiffme man kick damn rocks	Man, I can't take this shit. Trying to love someone who doesn't even care about you, and who doesn't love you back, and is playing around withme. Man, kicking the damn rocks	Man, I just can't take this no more. Tryin' to love somethin' that don't give a hoot 'bout you, don't care for you back, and is just playin' around with ya. Man, I'm just kickin' the damn rocks now.
If u cnt trust me man wts d use of dis bruhfukk it dawgg like frfr	If you can't trust me, man, what's the use of this, brother?Fuck it, dog, for real	If you can't trust me, man, what's the point in all this, brother? Damn it, dog, that's the truth.
Man fuk it ion get her at all like wtf disjunk burn me up man	Man fuck it, I don't get her at all, like what the fuck is thisstuff, it makes me angry, man	Man, I just don't get her none at all. It's like some kind of nonsense, I mean what the hell is this stuff? It really makes me mad, man.
as soon as that mtf went up , & we was upside down - I was, & shai was laughin	When the roller coaster flipped and I was upside down.My friend was laughing.	When that there roller coaster flipped over and I was all hung upside down, my buddy was just laughin'.
First day of school imma bless my lungs then imma be friends with my teachers soI can get good grades	On the first day of school I'm going to smoke. Then I'm going to be friends with my teachers sothat I can get good grades	On the first day of school, I'm fixin' to have a smoke. Then, I aim to be pals with my teachers so I can git me some good grades.
I'm still getting used to this life proof case. I have to hit the buttonsharder for them to register.	I'm still getting used to this life proof case. I have to hit the buttonsharder for them to register	I'm still havin' a hard time gettin' used to this here life proof case. Gotta press them buttons real good for 'em to work.
Waffle Tacos are a sign that we, as the human race, are evolving. We need to spreadwaffle tacos through the universe.	Waffle Tacos are a sign that we, as the human race, are evolving. We need to spreadwaffle tacos through the universe	Waffle Tacos is a sign that us, the human folk, is progressin'. We gotta be sharin' waffle tacos with the whole universe.
Mogs aint on twitter til about 8...Lame ass me up and doing work be4 Iget 2 work...who am I?	Mogs are not on Twitter until about 8. Lame ass. I am up and doing work before Iget to work. Who am I	Mogs ain't on Twitter 'til around 8. Damn lazy. I be up and doin' work afore I even gets to work. Who the heck am I?
fam if u get to the Alter and u still in love with another...ura liar and a heaux	My friend, if you get to the altar and you're still in love with someone else, you'rea liar and a whore	My buddy, if you make it to the altar and you're still hankerin' after somebody else, you're tellin' lies and actin' like a tramp.
Whitley may be 1 of the reasons I neva preferred liteskin women..Dwayne was beneath her before he wentto Japan and got on	Whitley may be one of the reasons I never preferred light-skinned women. Dwayne was beneath her before he wentto Japan and got on.	Whitley might be one of the factors I ain't much fond of light-skinned gals. Dwayne was below her before he lit out for Japan and hit it big.
Aye mogs out here still accepting badly built mulatto chicks cuzthey got good hair tho?	Hey, guys are still out here accepting badly built mulatto-colored girls becausethey have good hair	Hey, y'all got them boys still hangin' 'round here acceptin' them poorly made half-breed girls with red or brown coloring 'cause they got good hair.
Just thought about dat my lil bros don't know shit about popping the cassette out flippingit fastforwarding just to rewind...	I just thought about that my little brothers do not know shit about popping the cassette out, flippingit, fast forwarding, just to rewind.	I was just thinkin' 'bout how my lit'l brothas don't have a clue 'bout poppin' that cassette out, flippin' it, windin' it back up, just to rewind it again.
on the flip side if I gotta fresh fade and dressed up and got NO extra eyes onme imma feel away lol	In other news. If have partaken in grooming and no one notices me I am going to feel less important.	In other news, if I've been fixin' myself up and nobody seems to notice, I'm gonna feel like I don't matter much.
My TL is looking for trouble 2nite I see...u niggaz are the ppl my parents told me2 stay away from lol	My true love is looking for trouble tonight, I see. You black men are the people my parents told meto stay away from. Laugh out loud.	My one and only heart's desire is causin' some mischief tonight, it seems. Now y'all black men, you're the ones my mama and daddy warned me to steer clear of. Ha-ha!
Is a chick a "hoe" if she can't remember the name ofevery man she eva fucked?	Is a chick a \"hoe\" if she can't remember the name ofevery man she ever fucked	Is a woman callin' herself a "hoe" if she can't recollect the name of every fella she ever did the deed with?
So many big girls with natural hair that live for the"your hair is cute" compliment...	So many fat girls that have natural hair only want to get the\"your hair is cute\" compliment	So many big gals with their natural hairs only crave to hear the "Your hair's purty" compliment.
I need an assistant to take my truck to Indiana to fill up andget it washed at Kleen!	I need an assistant to take my truck to Indiana. Fill it up, and get it washed at Kleen	I needs me a helpah to take my truck on over to Indiana. Fills it up with gas, and gets it cleaned up real good at Kleen.
imma try 2 make ya groove, but my schedule is crazy rite now, u gonna bethere on time? Or nah?	I'm going to try to make it to your event, but my schedule is crazy right now. Are you going to bethere on time or not	I aim to get to your doin', but my calendar's plum full these days. You gonna be there on time or what?
Prob wasn't best idea to drink an ice coffee at 2 am. As if i don't knowwhat caffeine does to me	It probably wasn't the best idea to drink an iced coffee at two in the morning. As if I don't knowwhat caffeine does to me	It prob'ly weren't the smartest move to be sippin' on that there iced coffee 'bout two in the mornin'. Ain't like I don't know what a dose of caffeine does to me.
its way 2 early for ur hood rat tendencies to beshown over flaming hots bro!	It's much too early for your low-class tendencies to bedisplayed over Flaming Hots, brother	It's way too early in the mornin' for your redneck behaviors to come out at a place sellin' Flamin' Hots, buddy.
2 all the old niggaz going to they old yard to"help" the freshmen move in...lol	To all the old dudes going to their old yard toto \"help\" the freshmen move in... I'm laughing	To all them senior fellas headin' out to their old neighborhood helpin' the newbies move in... I's just cracking up.
I really hate u chicks dat think yall all that cuz ustay shopping at Forever 21...lol	I really hate you girls that think you're all that because youalways shop at Forever 21... I'm laughing	I reallly can't stand y'all gals actin' like you're somethin' special 'cause you always go shoppin' at Forever 21... I'm just laughin'.
good shit...I den got back 2 to it...I did a nakid jumping jacklast month and felt sumthing...	Great. I then got back to it. I did a naked jumping jacklast month and felt something.	Well, that's good. I went right on back to it. Last month I done a naked jumpin' jack and felt somethin'.
u brave as hell getting a car wash out west and uaint gotta cannon on u!	You're brave as hell getting a car wash out west and youaren't carrying a gun on you	You're plumb crazy bravin' that car wash way out yonder in the west, an' you ain't packin' no six-shooter or nothin' on ya.
I wonder if she gonna be able to lose that baby weight...it still look fun andthick...just not her old size.	I wonder if she is going to be able to lose that baby weight. It still looks fun andthick, just not her old size.	I reckon she might have a hard time losin' that baby weight. It still looks good and plump, just not her old size.
Have head phones went outta style? Mogs just play songs on they cellphoneson speaker like its normal.	Have headphones gone out of style? People just play songs on their cell phoneson speaker like it's normal	Ain't headphones goin' outta fashion these days? Folks jus' play their tunes on their cell phones usin' the speaker, actin' like that's how it's supposed to be done.
she def been dealt some tuff cards...but in 15 years I don't think same excusesshould be used as 2day.	The girl has some issues from life. But she cant keep using her background as a crutch.She needs to stop crying wolf.	That there girl got herself some troubles in life. But she can't just go on usin' her past as an excuse. She gotta quit actin' like there's a wolf every time she cries "wolf!"
not JUST dunking...simply do shit EYE cant physically do. Running a 40yards in 5 secondsis NOT exciting to watch.	It's not just dunking. They simply do shit I can't physically do. Running a 40-yard dash in five secondsis not exciting to watch	It ain't just about dunkin'. They're just doin' things I physically can't do. Runnin' a 40-yard dash in five seconds ain't no fun to watch.
children can hoop and get same injuries. its simply I like to watch Basketball at afaster pace and greater athleticism.	Kids can play basketball and get the same injuries. its just i like to watch baskeball at a pace that is faster with better athlete	Kids can play hoops and git the same ole injuries. It's jus' how I prefer to watch hoops with faster paces an' better ballers.
the "homegirls" are complete send offs. What they really mean is THEY would be cute inthat outfit, not ole girl.	The neighborhood women are complete deceivers. What they really mean is they would look cute inthat outfit, not that other woman	The gals in this here neighborhood are real tricksters. What they truly intends to say is, "By golly, we'd sure look purty in that there outfit, not that other gal."
I totally get why niggaz give up and just play thesystem to barely survive...its EASY!	I totally get why black people give up and just play thesystem to barely survive. It's easy	I reckon I understand why some black folk lose hope and learn to work the system just to make it by. It ain't hard.
Middle of Illionis and mogs only got internet to pass theytime is the cause lol	In the middle of Illinois, and Mogs only has Internet to pass thetime, is the cause. Laugh out loud.	Right smack dab in the middle of Illinois, and Mogs ain't got no TV or nothin', just the Internets to keep him company, that's what's causin' all this laughter. Ha! Ha! Ha!
no way in hell Stern in his last years will allow Spurs vs Pacers in a finals....he aint gonnaallow WNBA numbers on viewership.	It is very unlikely that Stern in his last years will allow Spurs versus Pacers in the finals. He is not going topermit WNBA viewership numbers	It's real uncertain that Stern, in his late years, is gonna let Spurs against Pacers in the finals. He ain't gonna sanction WNBA audience figures bein' brought up.
we all have jumped into the Pool of Designer...once u jump outur neva the same again	We all have jumped into the Pool of Designer... Once you jump out,you're never the same again	We all took a dive into the Pool of Designers... Once you climb back out,you ain't the same person no more.
in grammer school my teacher said the 1st form of transporation for humanswas prob dinosaurs...they believe anything.	Elementary school taught that dinosaurs were vehicles. People are gullible.	In elementary school, they thought dinosaurs were like cars. Folks can sure be fooled sometimes.
it will take for the niggaz to be moved to burbsand whites regain the city.	What will it take for the black men to be moved to the suburbsand the whites to regain the city	What's gonna make the black fellas move out to the suburbs and the whites take back the city?
I agree! So go obtain them other jobs if ur not happywith the wage ya getting.	I agree! So go obtain those other jobs if you’re not happywith the wages you’re getting	I reckon that's right! Go on an' get them other jobs if you ain't pleased with the pay you're receivin'.
What's wrong with holding ppl accountable for they own success? And I'm saying that asa Black Man in America!	What is wrong with holding people accountable for their own success? And I am saying that asa black man in America	What's all the fuss about makin' folks take responsibility for their own successes? I'm sayin' this as a black man in America.
U aint the shit until a Femme have u on they radar to provide herand her mate a child...	You haven’t reached your full potential until a lesbian is considering asking you to be the sperm donor forher and her partner to have a child.	You ain't reached your peak until a lesbian is ponderin' askin' you to be the daddy what helps 'em and their partner make a baby.
There is a 6'2 325 Pound woman that works near my gig...I bald my fist upeverytime she walks past me.	There is a 6'2 woman that works near my job. I guard myself every time she walks past me.	There's a gal reachin' six foot two, workin' close by where I do. Every time she passes me by, I take care not to let my guard down.
Regardless of its true or not shid thats my nigga ,if iwanna fckk him on a plane 3,000 ft in thaafckkin air imma do it	Regardless of whether it's true or not, shit, that's my man. If I want to fuck him on a plane 3,000 feet in thefucking air, I'm going to do it	Regardin' how it stands, dang it, that's my fella. If I wanna screw him on an airplane 3,000 feet up in the damn air, I'm gonna do it.
Imight not go ,igot hella homework to do ,its school first this year&& next ,so i graduate.!	I might choose not to go; I’ve got a lot of homework to complete. School is my priority this yearand next, so I can graduate	I reckon I might not show up; I got a heap of homework to finish. School's what's important to me this year and the next, so I can get me a diploma.
My phone fell out of my pocket, and right into the toilet... At least halfof my soul has died.	My phone fell out of my pocket and right into the toilet... At least halfof my soul has died	My cell phone slipped outta my pocket and plopped right into the john... At least half my heart's dead now.
All these hoes out here really think they snatchin, hoe yo pussy the onlything that these nigga smashing	All these whores in this location really believe they're stealing. Whore, your vagina is the onlything that these black people are having intercourse with	All them gals in this here place truly think they're filchin'. Gal, your womanly parts is the only thing these black folks is havin' sex with.
"If you cant control ya edges ...I already know you cantcontrol ya nigga" " dfl	\"If you can't control your hairline, I already know you can't control your man.\" I'm dying from laughter	"If you can't keep your hairline in check, I reckon you can't manage a man of yours neither." I'm near about bustin' a gut from laughin'.
u better love me u know I have ur best interest in any situation !! U know tht!! Loveu 100times more!!!" I no!	You'd better love me. You know I care about your best interests in any situation! You know that! I loveyou 100 times over! I know	Y'all better love me. I knows I care 'bout y'all's best interests in ever' situation! Y'all knows that, don't ya? I loves ya 100 times ovah! I knows.
Me: out of aaaallllllll these females why me? Him: I've never meta human being like you...."awww	There's so many other women to date. Why did you choose me? Him: I've never meta human being like you.	Ain't there just a ton of other gals to go out with? Why'd you pick me? Him: Never met no human bein' quite like you.
I have a taste for some chocolate chip cookies, but be aside I can't have milktakes everything out of it!	I want cookies but I cant have milk because im lactose intolerantsteals all the joy out of it.	I wanna me some cookies, but I can't have none of that milk 'cause I'm all lactose intolerant and that just takes all the fun outta it.
because my hair is a mess ! & he wanna be all up under me ! He won't catch meslipping I do to much	Hair is in a mess and he wants me. He wont get me though.	His hair's all tangled up, but him thinkin' he can have me? Nah, that ain't gonna happen.
I be hungry and I eat something dumb like a cupcake and messup my whole appetite !	I am hungry and I eat something dumb like a cupcake and mess up my whole appetite	I'm hungry and I go and eat somethin' stupid like a cupcake, and then I ruin my whole appetite.
Every time I think about him I think about all thebs & be like nevermind	Evert time I think about him, I think about all thebullshit and then think, never mind	Every time I reckon 'bout him, I reckon 'bout all that bullshit, an' den I think, never mind.
My friend a bad dike & she ain't even know it!!"who u subtweeting yo " notu yo! The other Tarnetta	My friend is a bad dike, and she doesn't even know it!\" Who are you subtweeting?\" NotYou! The other Tarnetta	My buddy's a real poor levee, and she don't even realize it! But who are you tryin' to throw shade at? NotMe! It's that other fella named Tarnetta.
Back on My twitter BullShit. I don't even really mess withsocial media. Im working, daily.	I'm back to bullshitting on Twitter. I don't usesocial media much. I'm working daily	I'm back to yankee-doodle talk on Twitter. Ain't got much time for social media. Been workin' my tail off every day.
Don't no why kendrick put this nigga sorry nigga Meek mill in the rappers henamed bra can't rap.... Cont	I do not know why Kendrick put this black man, sorry black man, Meek Mill in the rappers. Henamed the bra and cannot rap. Cont	I don't know why Kendrick put that black fella, sorry 'bout that, Meek Mill in the rappers. He named the bra but can't rap it right. Continued...
"Act right" who say that wack sHit these niggas wack don't do my west coastmusic u lame motha fuckers	\"Act right\" - who says that nonsense? These people are crazy. Don't do my West Coastmusic, you lame motherfuckers.	"Act right" - who the heck comes up with that stuff? Those folks is nuts. Don't go messin' with my West Coast music, you all just ain't got it.
At least I'm happy with knowing I'm always cooler than everyone else! Lmao,kinda kidding but not really	At least I'm happy with knowing I'm always cooler than everyone else! I'm laughing my ass off,kind of kidding but not really	At least I'm content knowin' I'm always more laid-back than everybody else! I'm laughin' my head off, kinda jokin' but not really.
I love when you ad lip. If that's what you call it. In my singing group thats what we call it. But it's gospelso it could be dif	I love when you ad-lib, if that's what you call it. In my singing group that's what we call it. But it's gospel,so it could be different	I really dig it when you make stuff up on the spot, if that's what ya call it. In my choir, that's what we call it. But it's gospel, so it might be different.
ISO a nice place to do karaoke or DJ music that has a Grown Folks clientele in Baltimore (50 &older). Contact REGGIE KELLY 410-645-0495.	In search of a nice place to do karaoke or disc jockey music that has a grown folks clientele in Baltimore  (50 &older). Contact Reggie Kelly 410-645-049	Lookin' for a real good spot in Baltimore, where I can do some karaoke or DJ music that attracts an older crowd (50 & up). If you wanna get in touch with Reggie Kelly about this, his number is 410-645-049.
Must be an establishment with a "Grown Folks" clientele; 45-50 and older. R&B, OLDIES, JAZZ,SOUTHERN SOUL/BLUES. NO HIP-HOP! 410-645-0495.	I am looking for an establishment that has a \"mature\" clintele, ages 45-50 and older. R&B, OLDIES, JAZZ,SOUTHERN SOUL/BLUES; NO HIP-HOP! CALL (410) 645-0495	I'm searchin' for a place that caters to an older crowd. Folks aged 45-50 and above. They play R&B, OLDIES, JAZZ, SOUTHERN SOUL/BLUES. No Hip-Hop! You can reach 'em at (410) 645-0495.
, so why i went to the store to get somethingg to eatt, i couldaa SWORN i hung up with ramone, comes back, nigga stillon the fone, like tf	I thought I hung up the phone when I went into the store to get something to eat. However, when I checked again Ramone was stillon the phone. How surprising	I thought I done hung up the phone when I went into the store to git me somethin' to eat. But when I checked again, Ramone was still on the blasted phone. Well, I'll be!
