Manti Te'o was talkin' on the phone or computer with some fella pretendin' to be a gal.
The little girl ain't gonna win 'cause I'm the king, so she better quit what she's doin'.
He's up there in the bedroom right now, and I'm down here fixin' myself up. It's about to get started. Goodnight.
Shit, I is who I is. I'm done makin' apologies. I'm doin' it for Shaq and my kiddos, that's my attitude this year. If you don't like it, get on out.
It's real rare for me to git what I want, but now that I got it, I ain't gonna give it up, no matter the cost.
Hey y'all, real quick, give it up for Nestboy Vick! He's a rapper and he's darn good at it. Keep puttin' out them tracks, Vick, 'cause I sure do wanna hear 'em!
Miami Heat player LeBron James had 34 points, 16 rebounds, 7 assists, 3 steals, and 1 block. But Boston Celtics player Kevin Garnett had 24 points, 11 rebounds, 4 assists, 2 steals, and 3 blocks.
You can say whatever the hell you please, I don't give a damn, nobody else can have you.
At 3:05, when that ol' bell rings, I'm hollerin' goodbye to my sweetheart and scootin' on outta PSM. By 3:45, I reckon I'll be home then, an' it's time for us to part ways.
When you give a person a call on their phone and they don't pick up, that means they never gave a hoot 'bout it.Hoot 'bout it
I don't wanna see no twerkin' vids on my timeline 'cause them folks don't know how to twerk proper.
That was gonna be a tweet but, that there was funny. I don't know how in tarnation I did that to you, my apologies, it was funny though.
This here group of five-year-olds done tried to hit on me! Ain't that somethin'? When I told 'em my age, they took off like a herd of cats. I'm just sittin' here laughin' about it!
Y'all got one them TV's that makes every movie seem real fake? Them TV's is made too good. Mine's the same way.
Who made that there red dress of Amy's for the finales? I do declare, please tell me. The end. Please, tell me.
Old folks can be real nasty business. Now this here friend of yours, he went and planted one on some lady lookin' like a stripper, actin' like she was his lawfully wedded spouse.
That youngun is real GOOD. I seen him play against them NY Rangers. Now lemme tell ya, as a Rangers fan, I ain't too thrilled 'bout seein' him for the next ten years.
My one and only hope is that my buddy Keith was here with me to take out some critters. I've been feelin' low and blue about every little thing goin' on recently.
I jus' wanna fuck your best buddy one time, jus' for that one night. An' when I'm fuckin' your best buddy, you better not be fuckin' my friend.
Ain't nothin' more sad than a young un, all cynical-like 'cause he went from knowin' nothin' to believin' nothin'. - Maya Angelou
I'm all singled out and rarin' to go meet new folks, yet deep down inside I'm also prepared to put down roots and settle on down.
I knows I does, but I's finally fixin' to hit the hay. I's too tuckered out, I've been up since eight this mornin' with no shut-eye or siesta. mornin' with no shut-eye or siesta.
I ain't been to bed none at all. An' I won't be goin' till my Quat comes later on. My Quat comes later on.
There's just too many folks around here that ain't loyal! I'm lookin' for somebody real loyal to be part of my team.
Let's give a hand to the misses and misters, who ain't as rough in real life as they come across on Twitter.
I gets real jealous, mad, frettin', and curious, but the only cause is 'cause I loves you plumb to pieces and I don't want to lose you none.
When Kobe git himself them ball, he gotta make him one move and scoot on out. Ain't wanna give them defense time to make Kobe's shot harder.
I reckon my younguns forgot I even had this here account. Yessiree, I'm snoopin' and far from bein' a contented mama.
I jus' finished up the last of my younguns' birthdays 'til June! Ain't that somethin'? I ain't got much, but we keep it happy an' all. I's proud an' grateful to God fer blessin' me with these here kids.
Alrighty then, lemme go get all dressed up for that Miguel Album of yours. And don't you worry none 'bout what you ain't gonna do while I'm gone.
After that "Boyz n the Hood" movie come on, I reckon there were plenty a guys tryin' to act all teary-eyed and dramatic to get themselves a gal to sleep with 'em.
Yeah, there's another black gal doctor you gotta see. When I recollect her name, I'll be sendin' it your way.
He put up a post sayin' "feelin' lonely" and this here model just hit him up.
The Travel Channel is leavin' me speechless these days, showin' me all these here American quick-eats that folks in Asia have discovered.
So, this big fella is out here actin' like "screw it, I'm gonna get on every single one of them trains that 3000 claims he's got a feature on, and I'ma give y'all all the remix."
Yeah, I reckon we oughta put our indignation in the name, so that the bandit knows we ain't messin' around.
Atlanta fans might as well go home early.... you already know how this tale ends up.
I reckon you's right. Now, you might remember that them Nevas Intro be hoggin' up Google Images time, and they'd appreciate it if you'd quit it.
Is that Oprah wit' her interview goin' on right now? Cause she's plum nuts if she thinks we'd miss watchin' us some Scandal.
Now, don't act all shocked if your woman counts down backwards the next time you blabber some dumb stuff.you blabber some dumb stuff
Some folks just can't stomach the truth, but they'll be comin' back to check out them old tweets of yours in the days ahead when they got nothin'. That's how they roll.
I'm mighty curious 'bout how much that person get paid, who's in charge of Obama's Twitter account.
And he said, "My name's Rod, darlin'... AJ's a familiar name an' it's the one I like be called."
A) For fifteen year's back, she identified as a lesbian. B) She's got an eleven year old kid, which implies she's been with a man.
You might still be able to pay yer respects at the altar, but I reckon the church doors ain't completely shut yet.
Yessiree, they're the same ol' folks, but now that we're all grown, they go 'head and speak their minds free like.
This here woman worked us somethin' fierce for an hour straight, and didn't even give us a single water break. The lack of humanity.
Frank Ocean reckon he can throw down a fight seeing as how he's been trainin' to whup Chris Brown. Chris Brown ain't gonna forget it if he was the one to lose.
The first reason is that Frank composes heartfelt tunes 'bout men. The second reason is that Breezy spoke ill in his Twitter tantrum 'bout Odd Future, but he removed it.
I ain't got nothin' mixed up, 'cause this here works for me. But, dang it all, my workmates just can't seem to stop chucklin' at how little it is.
Sad to say, I had to take off them bigger weights and then, by accident, I dropped one of those weights. Before I knew it, all them guys was over here helpin' me out.
I'm near about dead from laughin'. I reckon I pulled a muscle in my voice box from laughin' so hard. "You Look Horrible Tonight" is the number one tune this year.
No sir, he do like her, and she goes and logs onto his phone, but she just don't care for him herself.
I went up to this here fella disrespecatin' a woman. I told him I might be a virgin, but I know a puss 'fore I sees one. Why in tarnation are you whackin' a lady?
If I can't show you the lovin' I'm s'posed to and you'd rather take a whippin' from another soul, why stick around with ya? You deserve more than that.
If I could grow me a fine set of titties, they'd be settin' next to my bed.
Yesterday, I received the nicest text message from someone I thought didn't love me no more.
Alrighty, I'm still out here. Still gettin' down. What's goin' on with me? Hehe.
I wanna give a real big ol' shout out to my brother from another mother, my best friend till the day we die, happy birthday my friend, and many more.
Umm...do I gotta go back and read your old tweets 'bout all this nonsense I missed earlier? That's a hoot!
It ain't sick. That's funny. It's jus' a mite excessive. Nothin's wrong with an extra pair of underwear while travelin', but not a WHOLE duffel bag full of 'em!
Dr. Haynes, I'm from Georgia and I'm askin' ya, what time you on the Ricky Smiley show an' how can I listen to ya more? Thank ya.
Bitch, hush yer big mouth an' empty head. I ain't talkin' no more. If yer got somethin' to say, say it to my face, all right?
"I reckon I know where you're from," he said. "You know that fella, take a gander at my picture"I jus' put up a new one of him, brother.
I got everythang I ever wished for 'cause she makes me reach higher. She gotta shake 'em up or they'll never put on no weight.
I do sure miss Pat and Maurice bein' here. They'd always take me up on my offers back then.
It's real tough bein' jus' pals with somethin' you used to be head-over-heels in love with.
Everybody, make sure y'all secure y'all's husband or boyfriend 'cause I'm gonna come around tryin' to take y'all's man and y'all won't even know it, so be careful everybody.
Not one sole person is exempt from the hardships and heartaches that life can bring, if y'all think y'all are, just keep on doin' what y'all have been doin'.
Bad grammar really gets on my nerves! Folks need some grammatic assistance every now and then. But that's what Google's for!
 Grandma, we gotta hang up, but you keep sayin' that, yet you don't put down the phone! Hurry up now. (Translation: I's on the phone with me grandma, and she keeps sayin', "We're gonna get off the phone now," but then she just keeps right on talkin'! Come on now, Grandma, we gotta hang up.)
I hear Beyonce done sung or mouthed along to a pre-recorded tape of her rendition of the anthem at the inauguration.
I sure do love me some Vineyard seven and eight! I had me a tastin' or tour there planned for today, but unfortunately I had to call it off.
A study of them thar tasty coffees, chocolates, bourbons, gins, pines, and pizzas. Y'all have a good night now, gentlemen.
If you's my true friend, go fetch yerself some gals and bring 'em on over to me.
He prob'ly don't know that I can't stand that term, "homie." That term right there caused a few of my teeth to fall out.
Mommy asked me to go grocery shoppin' with her and my grandma. But nah, I'm alright. They'll be in that there store for hours on end.
You can't lose nothin' you never had in the first place. You can't keep somethin' that ain't yours. And you can't hold on to one thing that don't wanna stick around.
Girls wanna know...Girls wanna show...They know my name, they know a...I'm strong.
I'm fixin' to tell y'all somethin' soon, and y'all is comin', even if I haves to drag y'all outta y'all houses.
I tried to give y'all somethin' to eat, now it's time for y'all to go to bed.
That ain't gonna be no trouble at all. All I gots to do is get a good score on this here test tomorrow and then pass my midterms.
He's hollerin' 'bout comin' over to my house without me announcin' it, and me not bein' there. That ain't my problem to fix.
I'm plum tuckered out from playin' in the back all the time. I'm fixin' to ramp up the intensity of that game, fer sure.
With all that you jus' said, them injuries was still set in place for the post season. Firin' Garrett wouldn't change nothin'.
If she took a shine to the first present, well, that's just the beginning. I got me a good one hid away.
If I was with her tonight, I'd give her a good ol' kissin' on the lips. Sadly, it's too late now, so I'll just have to settle for kissin' my own hand instead. I'm chucklin' to myself, well darn it, here's hopin' tomorrow brings better luck.
What in tarnation is makin' it so doggone hard for you to come back and pick up a badge, so that your paycheck is right. I ain't gonna clock you in. I'm just shakin' my head.
I received some new lipstick in the mail, along with her there hair oils. Had me all worked up, thinkin' it was my new phone cases.
I'm the one y'all want and what y'all require. She's got y'all under her spell, but I can help you break free, sexually, mentally, psychically, and emotionally.
Though I'm already awake, my manager asked if I should weigh the risks before heading to work. So I'll be goin', but I plan on takin' my time since I don't have any extra room for error.
The elder the berry, the sweeter the juice. But let me tell ya, friend, it's the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice. And yes, she is blacker than most.
If I was Livin' bein' Olivia, I wouldn't a done that record neither. She oughta knew by now, after last year, that her music ain't goin' nowhere.
I know how to manipulate the situation. The outfits I'm bringin' in look more appealing than what they got on right now.
Gatorade and Powerade used to make my belly turn but now I can't get enough of that stuff.
That's hilarious. I had to drive on over there to check out that there tweet for myself. Ain't it a shame that it's the honest-to-goodness truth?
Every body lookin' real good, so if I wasn't colored, I reckon I'd rather be Persian.
Or y'all can go to the food services, but either way, Corporate better send 'em some blamed sauce.
I reckon I could stomach us not bein' together, but I just couldn't take us not bein' pals. But it seems like I might be able to now.
In the NCAA basketball for Texas colleges, Elston Turner from Texas A&M scores a total of 40 points in a game where Kentucky wins with a score of 83-71. This was the first time John Calipari lost an SEC home game for Kentucky.
My mama lets me down somethimes...why do I hafta have it rougher in life? Lawd.
Boy, Teya's tryin' real hard to visit granny and all that. But I'm gonna put a stop to it, I'm gonna give your gas tank a good ol' hit! No questions asked.
I got me the jack. What else do I require? I needs some sugar and gravel. That's all in it.
I'm plum tuckered out from dealin' with all these folks. "I'm some kinda sneaky one" "Howdy! What's cookin'? I'm over yonder at the ABC store, and this here thingamajig is with me. I'm fixin' to have a chat with you.
Ten dollars for a call from jail. This here's all done with. See you when you get back home, brother.
I reckon there's a raccoon or opossum roamin' 'round in my house, and I'm plumb scared right now.
Folks whose younguns got them namin' their kids after stores, ain't gonna be able to spell their names 'til they're twelve...and write their name in cursive until they're like twenty. I'm shakin' me head.
The two-fer ten deal at Fridays is worth it 'cause the grub gets served right quick. See, them fast food joints aim to serve up that trash food as fast as they can for ten bucks.
Folks' suppers on instagram look somethin' like real garbage. Keep that nonsense in y'all's houses!
I jus' called mah girlfriend an' she jus' finished her school. She smoked mah joint with me.
I'm fixin' to check out near forty suppers on instagram what's gonna get me all worked up. I'm plum famished here. Bless my soul.
Boy, you got two different gals textin' you. So I'm gonna have two different fellas textin' me.
70 degrees in Nashville. Fixin' to take a trip and then headin' to the bar to get plastered. Once I've sobered up, I'll be.
Just like before, they told me 'bout my train arrivin', right after it left the station, I ain't happy about it.
Women can get into trouble on the streets, and if somebody's puttin' pressure on 'em, they might go tell the cops.
A.J., you ever considered leavin' TNA and headin' on over to the WWW? With yore abilities, they wouldn't stand a chance. I swear.
I didn't have no other option! I was just plum hooked on that there television show. I couldn't tear my eyes away, I'm tellin' ya! And I'm laughin' too!
When I come across a real purty gal wearin' a weave, it's just like seein' a fella with that there ink-black dye slicked through his hair.
It's real funny watchin' Negroes go through troubles just like I do, but it ain't funny when I got to deal with some bullshit. Fuck it though.
Men, give a call to that single lady who's been overlooked recently. Tell her you gotta do something kind for her, make her feel good, and then give her a good ol' kiss.
She's gonna hafta make up her mind real quick. A kiss on the lips with an ass grab...or nothin'. No snow shovel.
Ain't long before them folks that don't play hoops is gonna say that Griner could play in the NBA, but the truth is, she wouldn't have made it to a Division 1 or a Division 2 team.
A middle-aged fellow who owns that shovel there for his vehicle, had himself a rough day. He's gonna be actin' all grumpy towards some bus driver, that's hilarious.
Sad to say, a whole lotta high schools done held back these here players academically. So much so, that even Juco's a struggle for 'em.
Tell 'em bout that mouse in the house, next play, but then again, next next play. (An' then ask who won all them games.)
Have you ever run into somethin' like this: you meet someone your own age, and they're still actin' all serious 'bout gang bangin'. At what age do you figure a mention of another gang ain't gonna make you wanna throw down?
Dear Greeks, if makin' thirty the membership age in y'all's organization be y'all's biggest accomplishment, then y'all don't deserve y'all's goddamn letters.
Once I manage to get away from this here dog-eat-dog competition for money and power, I'll be takin' myself some afternoon siestas. And I'll be headin' on down to see that chiropractor of mine.
Ladies, the older y'all get in life, the more stuff y'all is gonna have to sort through.
I'm plum tuckered out 'bout goin' to that there dealership every time somethin' random starts flashin'. Yet, I do take a likin' to them complimentary truck washes they give me each time I visit.
Half of what y'all askin' for is better'n nothin' at all. But it ain't nice if ya say it out loud.
Bill collectors take little pieces of folks' debts sometimes, and I don't reckon you'll agree 'bout that, partner.
Damn where the heck is it? Well, it's some kind of shop that'll give you four outta five bottles of Patron for forty-nine ninety-nine dollars.
Hurry back to the hotel right away, an' hope y'all ain't got no more than a few jerks on y'all's team, playin' them game-replays on their iPads.
All them gals what done sent off that application, them challenged women, oughta be hangin' their heads in shame. Shame on y'all.
On the road to the gym, I'm fixin' to work up a good sweat. Can't be holdin' no workshops lookin' all sickly now.
We ain't goin' after that family none. My kid's gonna git all them cool things...'cause Daddy and Mommy work their asses off for it.
Y'all know 'bout Groupon? They just give y'all that money back so y'all can go get somethin' else.
So them other business units is sendin' emails to IT while we's in this here conference 'cause they ain't here. I'm just shakin' me head.
Kelly's a real plump cowgirl...and we sure do love it! Let her go ahead and flash her front porch...We're really diggin' her new direction these days. Hee-haw! (Laughing)
It don't function right when ya work every single day, but them what ain't workin' is just sittin' around, eyeballin' the things you've been workin' your tail off for.
In three year's time, y'all got the skills to do what y'all doin' now? If not, y'all just wastin' y'all's time.
I reckon that stat's true. I was ponderin' who put in the effort to do that survey.
Every time I holler for a glass of water at one them fast food joints, I ends up fillin' it up with pop instead.
I can't stand them little signs on mah phone, sayin' I got a voicemail...Ain't nobody got time for that red light on mah workphone when I got a voicemail.
I'm more the type to help out at a soup kitchen or paint a school, that sorta community service deal. I ain't no role model.
I've been payin' automatic for ages. I got me a one percent lower interest rate cause of it.
I couldn't do nothin' but laugh....she was dead serious and smiled in my face like "yessir, you got it"". It was real funny.
Then she gets real tough. She wraps up our talk, gives me a long hard look, and then pulls out this here Bible pamphlet.
I didn't say nothin' 'bout Lillard 'cause I never even brought him up. I was talkin' 'bout AD and Barnes. Just like I figured, Barnes is gonna take it real good.
I said AD ain't gonna beat ROY at that there game, but Barnes was gonna make a good pro, and the game was more suited for the pros anyways.
That's a real formula for trouble. There's this gal who just won't quit yappin' or settin' still. So when's that ever gonna bring us some wins? It's not like it's the most extreme ways, but still.
We can agree to disagree, but I ain't no supporter to no gal thinkin' it's fine to never hush up and take a seat.
I reckon every married gal on my social media feed is bobbin' their heads...while them single gals ain't gettin' it.
If everybody took a deep breath an' thought it through 'fore makin' a decision, things would be mighty different...but I reckon it's only fair to admit that a gal carryin' on can be just as aggravatin' as a barn full of manure. Hee-haw!
Let DJ come on back home and tell me all he done was watch some vids with a buddy and everbody in his class don't got no books. Damn.
Sometimes, a man might go up to a woman who ain't exactly a looker, 'cause he thinks she's gonna be real attentive and homey, with a clean, untouched good thing goin' on down there.
You reckon if you're a black fella, havin' a white woman by your side is gonna make you somethin' real special? Ha! That's a good one.
How in tarnation that be funny? Guess conversatin' with me hits the spot a mite quicker than them reasons...we ain't all high and mighty, buddy.
It helps out by showin' you can take care of yerself, and that's the real deal before we talk 'bout unity.
An' that's jus' one kinda situation...it goes on an' on for a mile...that's why folks needs to keep their bases covered...Be a grown-up, see? Plain and simple.
You may get the idea of an analogy, but still have a hard time truly graspin' it, right? Alright, let me give it a shot. You ain't no daddy. Do you reckon you can talk about it like one?
I was showin' off all kinds of chubby baby leg meat back in high school. But now, it looks like her future little ones might not be as quick on the draw. It's kinda funny, ain't it?
Ladies, if y'all ever used that line "I'm too much woman for you anyway" to settle any disagreement, then y'all are what we call in the South, a big gal.
Ain't attention a powerful drug, I reckon? And some real oddballs are jackin' up the cost of it quicker'n gold.
I believe Jay-z didn't have the fire, his own money, swag and all that, which made her not notice his hump-backed face. Ladies ain't as superficial.
Repeatin' the last three words of mah questions back to me doesn't change nothin', that's kind of humorous.
It might work out, yet that jump-start-faith business late in life ain't the smartest move. Mingle about and you'll be considered damaged goods by the time you hit thirty-four.
No country's good for women, leavin' bread crumbs for the folks they really wanted to be with.
Cravin' me some pho, Mekong Delta shuts down on Mondays, so I whipped up a phony pho with them ramen noodles (all Eddie's got). Ain't the real deal, Mekong Delta, but I'm mighty pleased.
Well, I reckon they might be. But they generally keep their doors shut on Mondays, which is the day I most crave me some pho.
I jus' had a real good chat with Old Baltimore 'bout how he useta get himself a drink at The Stafford.
There oughta be a docu-mentary 'bout that "En Fuego" business. What in tarnation was in that there burrito makin' it taste so doggone good.
Now that I've said that, what's it that I truly hanker for? Me bein' blessed with a fine figure or a head full of beautiful locks? 'Cause it's plain to see that I can't have all the good things in life. That's a laugh!
I might have to get hold of that creamy stuff, crack, I've been tryin' to keep myself away from [separately should be separated].
I'm right behind 'em, supportin' my pals and familiy leavin' Chicago. All I'm askin' is for 'em to make it someplace I can come see.
I jus' found out that mah auntie is cookin' somethin' on the grill, an' mah big ol' self jus' gobbled up. I's fixin' to head on over thar an' git me a rib.
I reckon I'm fixin' to head on up to Roosevelt...Jus' to see if somethin' might've shifted.
I was actin' a mite ornery, that's all. Ain't been gettin' much shut-eye lately, but I'm back on track now.
He said he was gon' call me back so he can git on Instagram.
Did anybody here listen to that Momma Dee advertisement on 107.5? What in the world she mean by, "Every time I'm... In the condition of Detroit"
I'm workin' full time and studyin' full time...ain't got no time for a boyfriend. Naw, suh.
My cousin sent me a text message yesterday and asked me when I was goin' back to Florida. I told her soon 'cause I gotta get the hell outta here.
This mornin', me and my buddy, Joshua, were readin' the Neh 12 scripture. While I was goin' through the list ofpriests and Levites, Joshua choked somethin' up. Strange...
Don't you miss that there start of our fresh new collection called The Red Letters! It's nine and ten thirty in the mornin' today at Greater Gresham Baptist Church.
Last night, that message "I'll give ya some peace" must've done the trick. Found me a stress ball hidin' under a chair in the church house this mornin'.
Spire put on New York's One World Trade Center makes it to 1,776 feet, the tallest buildin' in the Western Hemisphere. -- CNBC
If y'all got a moment in your day to write me back, 'cause folks say I sound like a mix of both y'all when I rhyme. I'm just hankerin' to chat.
That there moment when somebody's tryin' to flirt with ya... and you let 'em know that you're a lezbo, and they double down on their efforts? I tell ya, it's plumb bafflin'!
Brian, ya think 'bout havin' a long distance relationship if y'all was feelin' each other?
I've been sittin' here waitin' on this here new debit card all week long! Seems like they drag it out longer when they know you got some good money to burn.
When folks drop them pounds real fast, folks just figure one of two things. They're either smokin' or sick. Ain't that somethin'?
It's gonna be a scorcher, 93 degrees today! Seems like we jumped right over spring and landed smack dab in the middle of summer. Can't help but shake my head.
I cain't jus' chow down on them pork rinds like I did back in the day. It's been a mite too long. I reckon I got the gist of it.
It's fixin' to pour down rain. They're cuttin' off the tv shows. Y'all know my belief. I'm chucklin'. Must be somethin' real serious.
I get it now why folks jus' order them plain ol' cheeze pizzas. It's less trouble and prob'ly safer. I's laughin'.
I can be a real wild and crazy woman, y'all. I'll put my hands up and admit it. But lemme tell ya, I can also be the kindest, sweetest soul you've ever met. So don't judge me by just one side of me. I've got layers, y'all!
Every night, my mind is as calm as a still pond. But for some folks out there, makin' promises that don't fill 'em up right.
I jus' finished listenin' to that nonsense. I had that there radio crankin' loud in her little car.
Sex: it's 'tween two folks what respectfully takes advantage of each other for just a few minutes.
Nate's five foot eight, Bron's six foot eight. Course Bron'll knock him in the kisser. Nate's underneath him. The NBA's mighty queer.
One thing for sure, I ain't never been scared to go up and talk to me a woman. Now, there's a whole lotta single bad gals out here 'cause nice fellas just can't seem to communicate. It's as plain as day.
Why Mother's Day gotta be the day right after graduation? I can't look good for two whole days. I'm laughin'. Ain't nothin' but a joke. But in all seriousness, I do love my mama. I'm laughin' and shakin' my head, but deep down, I'm feelin' mighty proud to be my mother's child.
If that's all he needed to finish up, then it was the real deal from the start.
I reckon we ain't havin' a birthday bash for her 'cause she never mentioned nothin' 'bout it.
I don't know what that there nail shop is up to neither. Cause even when I let somebody else do 'em, I still got some of my own nails left on me.
Chan's mad 'cause them Lakers ain't in them playoffs...Wonder who he gonna cheer on when Kobe hangs up his sneakers! I's laughin'.
Oral sex can get real messy. I got me some gals, they really oughta let their hair be its own self as quick as they can.
I was sayin', "Well, ain't that sweet. Whatcha got there?" She was sayin', "A three-piece chicken wing and a biscuit." That tickled me something fierce.
hehe. Pardon me, I ain't had my coffee yet. I reckon I deserved that. I guess my rain is gonna be made up of Canadian copper pennies.
I reckon me and mine are gonna have us a few scorched hot dogs and bratwursts comin' right up.
Yessiree. But that's just how I see it. Mos Def's "Thieves of the Night" verse is mighty fine, too.
Now for real, we get confused between fightin' and discussin'. I believe that us men and women ain't debatin' enough and arguin' too much.
I can't holler right neither. My voice gits all crackly. Shakin' my head. Just put your finger in your nose. That wins most arguments.
What's the fancy ass low-class move for tonight? I ain't got no high-class self with me today.
I don't even wanna give her a hard time. Her jokes is just too darn goofy. Your jokes ain't worth a laugh neither. Dumbass, got no neck at all.
An' if she's tryin' to tell me I'm the only 'un hittin', den what 'bout them black folk? What 'bout 'em?
Paul George ain't all that good, you're nuts about that guy, he's somethin' else, my bro hahaha.
Every time they's together, she goes openin' her mouth to say "The Way He Had Me Feelin'". What in tarnation kind of way did you have her feelin'?
Ain't that the truth, Leonard's the only fella lookin' like he can hang in there. The ball movin' looks all right.
Women only seem to like me 'cause I don't give 'em none of my attention. Guess y'all do enjoy that sorta thing. *Shrugs.
Ain nobody I knows up this early in the mornin'. So I figured I'd take advantage of the quiet and spend some time ponderin' 'bout life.
The fact that we pours out our hearts to Twitter just goes to show you that we's really just need to let out our troubles, but we's is too scared to say 'em out loud.
Folks is sayin', son, my very first time I had me an orgy with 'bout ten ladies and they all came three times and I didn't even get started. Swear to God.
I've been tellin' y'all since the very beginning, them Knicks ain't all sunshine and rainbows, they've just got better ballplayers than most teams.
I was tellin' 'em that they wasn't payin' me no mind and they just kept on sayin' that I wasn't the real deal, even though I had already told 'em that I was.
Lawd, have mercy on me. He knows I do love my friend something fierce, but I just can't see eye to eye. If you're feelin' it, more power to ya!
I sure do hope that goofball Stevie didn't really ask that dimwitted gal to marry him! I reckon he must have done it just for the publicity, 'cause that's way too serious to be foolin' around with.
We've been whuppin' ass goodly lately, and we ain't just foolin' 'round this summer. Y'all best be gettin' yourselves some straps 'cause shit is gettin' genuine, li'l bro.
You mess with me, I mess back with ya. I'll neva lie to ya. Yessiree, you gotta tell the truth to yerself. That's what keeps it real.
I got me some MicroBrains settin' in every last strand of my hair. Took the whole night last night and gon' take the whole day today. Ain't many gonna get it.
If this here little boy watches another mama-jamma WWE fight on my computer, I'm fixin' to give him a good ol' fashioned body slam.
I seen that part on Steve Harvey. It just flat out intrigued me somethin' fierce 'bout your tale! Real fine example of a good, God-fearin' man pushin' through hardships.
Well, it's me, Ken, Wanda, Aunt Ree. Now which one's a-comin' next? The hatred and longing is genuine.
Ain't nobody gon' top last night for me, but they really ought to 've gave 'em more time. They was somethin' else! Been a fan of theirs since way back.
If them girls that's close to your girl don't take kindly to you, you might as well call it quits 'cause them gals is gonna tell lies about your behind.
It was the wilest excursion sinsce my jailhouse visits durin' my undergrad years. I'm fixin' to give you the lowdown.
I ain't sure if I'm gettin' mixed up with 'em. But let me tell ya, them folks got my blood pressure goin'. Must be them grouchy people.
In Chicago, them Spring folks is makin' my blood boil on my iPhone. Ain't even a Sprint user myself, but them dropped calls in the midst of some fine conversations is really gettin' under my skin.
Folks from the gringo land, May 5 is the day Mexico's independence is celebrated, just like Canada's. It's their biggest state.
That there weak bullshit is done with. Ain't but two of 'em gone, an' what's left is the one who's always been the best in my book.
The "screw-the-Rangers" button's been pushed, but them refs was something awful. Hank let in two real softies and them big fellas was as invisible as a fish in a barrel.
I shake my head "He put some Molly in that lady's drink and she don't even know it" ain't no lie, that's some real crazy business.
I hit the sack 'bout shortliness after eleven in the mornin'. I come to my senses at three.
That's a hoot! Dang, I jus' woke up not too long ago. I'd been up till eleven-somethin' and then hit the hay. But I got right back up at three.
Money on the line, I come to claim what's rightfully mine. Clouds might try to hide it, but the sun'll come out and shine on it when it does.
Last Sunday, I let a hot wing fall on the ground an' then I chucked it away. Ever since then, that damn thing's been on my mind.
I reckon I might do this here thing to the next gal I got in the bed. It's purty funny, but that there was dead wrong! I'd take him to court!
It's near about 1:30 in the mornin', and I just got home from a date. My mama was there and said, "I reckon I'll be headin' to bed now."
I can't stand cheap folks, actin' all casual like, "Naw, I just come here with ya to watch ya eat." Lord have mercy, that happened to me yesterday. I was thinkin', what in tarnation?
I had this here feelin' on a summer day. While you was away, I lost control of my car and rammed it into a bridge. I packed up your belongings in a bag and shoved it down real good.
What's all this about? Got any way to make you take a look at some of my parts and give me your honest opinion on 'em?
So I went and got me Kik downloaded, and there was my baby on it. "GG, you got Kik?", "GG.", Yeah honey, you're runnin' late. That's a laugh. So what? I ain't hip. That's a laugh.
You livin' in a land of make-believe. Ain't nothin' perfect 'round here. I don't get nothin' for free neither. Shit, somebody give me somethin' fer free!
Y'all ever had the misfortune of runnin' into somebody who just takes delight in makin' your life a living hell? They're always tryin' to bring you down with their belittlin', threatenin', and all-around nastiness. It's like wakin' up every day and findin' yourself stuck in the fiery pits of Dante's Inferno. Ain't that a kick in the head?
I got me a best buddy. He gets me, an' when I say I loves him, that's my best friend forever. Him that's my best friend forever.
He's taller than the tallest tree, in my book. Ain't nobody call him "Bear," though. Guess we all got us some wild in us, huh? Laugh out loud. I reckon I can see that side of things too.
I'll neva regret speakin' up for some respect. Cause where I come from, respect means the world and folks around here can be real rude.
Nah, that ain't it, that's funny but nothin'. I'm jus' tryin' to make it whatcha been up to?
When I get up in the mornin', I stretch out and make me some little dinosaur sounds. Sounds like this: (makes dinosaur noises). Some folks might find that kinda sexy.
That's how you get it done, Miami! LeBron, you're somethin' else! Pack your bags, Pacers! Beat it, outta here.
Anyone know where I could buy them Brazilian swimsuits without havin' to be down in South Beach?
Well, sure thing, it does. Ain't 'bout that I gotta take a likin' to it, though. I'm jus' gettin' on in years.
If you send me a text askin' me if I can do ya a favor and you didn't even say 'hi' first, I'll just ignore you!
I got myself outta that car to go on into that there store. But now I reckon that was a real dumb move. Sittin' here waitin' now.
That there's mighty funny, y'all. When someone catches you with your pants down, just go ahead and take ownership of it.
No thank you. Ain't read 'bout it, but just read what it's said to be. Leastways, I know its name.
If I win the Powerball lottery, I reckon I might as well take my own life 'cause my own kinfolk is sure to bring me down mentally and emotionally before I even get a chance to enjoy it!
My neppaw once told some gal that. I hollered, whoa there, you'll have 'em thinkin' your mama and me is queer.
Ain't no just one reason I wanna be in Philly at this very moment. An' even if y'all think different, it ain't about y'all.
There wasn't as much critisizin' goin' on in the work. It might not have been the same kind of judgement, but we all make mistakes at some point in our livest.
Well, dang it, them black folk an' chickens don't go together. I best git myself to the kitchen afore them drunken Negroes eats it all up.
I cain't go on down to auntie Monica's house to watch some basket-ball. These here folks is hollerin' "Roll Tide!" an' I'm thinkin', "Why Roll Tide? I'm just tryna watch some hoops."
Finder it hard as a rabbit's foot to track down a 34D bra. I'm picky, ain't tryin' to look when they're perky.
So you didn't bring none for me? What kinda disregard is that? I would've given you my address.
If you got them drugs in the car, best not to be drivin' none in the mornin'. Ain't got the time to be slowin' down 'cause I'm right behind ya.
Dame Dash done lost all his moolah. Us colored folks gotta learn how to handle our cash better. Me too.
Why can't I seem to get outta North Carolina, successful-like? The devil's tryin' to keep me here. But that's a fight he'll lose.
I'd love me some Jamaican grub fer supper...it's a shame I cain't have no cream soda with it. Guess it'll be water then.
I reckon I wanna have me one kid, so they can be the on'y child, like my mama was.
I wanna git mah fingers and toes nails painted durin' lunch, but Ah got them closed-toe shoes on.
You prob'ly oughta havent brung that brand new baby of yours with ya to the nail place so you could git yourself a full set of nails.
They gotta be around seven to eight pounds when they first come outta mama. That's a laugh. I do love me some big babies.
Y'all at Carowinds? I'm haw-hawin'. Just double checkin' before I give a wave to your look-alike. I'm laughin' real loud here.
Put on my swim suit and that there baby oil, for nothin' at all. That pool of mine is shut down for some hogwash, but it'll be open tomorrow. But by golly, my behind has got to work... even if the pool ain't open yet.
Grandma's goin' through all my stuff in that ol' handbag of hers. Seems she's wearin' it to some wedding. Lawd, I hope she didn't find my little weed pipe in there! She's gonna give me a good hidin' and I need it real bad tonight. How in tarnation funny is that?
Last night, it sure seemed like God was watchin' over us. I reckon we all could 've ended up dead. But thank the good Lord, He saw fit to keep us safe and sound.
No sir, folks move too fast to all this here business. They gotta have folks ready and waitin', just for celebrities to slip up so they can tear it all apart.
The lady at the nail salon tried to swipe my nail polish, but you ain't no low-class person.
Y'all think them little cuties is fightin' over me. Ain't that somethin'. I'm way beyond all this tomfoolery. I done played them games y'all doin' now a long time ago. It's funny to me.
Boy, you sorry as hell, I had to do everythang yesterday when we played, the hood boys stop all of that.
How y'all gon' just appear at eleven outta nowhere and think somebody's gonna come out side?
I got me a whole lotta anger builded up. Now listen here careful, I'm givin' ya fair warnin'. Don't be goin' and puttin' me on the wrong side.
I send more texts than I do callin'. Ain't got time for all that. But them folks I gotta and wanna chat with, they got iMessage. Ain't got time for nothin' else.
Well, that slut's gone, but I seen a sign and a Barbie girl. Thanks.
Hey, I knows me some Spurs. I do wish they still had Jackson with 'em, shootin' them thar three-point shots. That was a real smart move by Coach Pop.
Right now, I got myself a new girl. I'm real fond of her ways 'cause she's treatin' me better and makin' love to me better than ever. We're on another level, y'all.
White folks can gather up and make them Neo-Nazis, while us colored folk is still squabblin' over blocks, streets, and hues.
I'm plum tuckered out from all them evenin's alone, an' now it looks like every evenin's gonna be that way. I reckon I gotta find me some pals! I'm feelin' low.
They're always makin' mistakes, yet I couldn't help but wonder - I'm fixin' to buy myself a hot iron. Do you reckon you could do my hair for me?
Real ladies, they get all worked up 'bout them hatin' black fellas. I seen ya takin' them shots today. Knock 'em back; it ain't nothin'.
Come back to LR so we can go eat grits and such?" That's a laugh. But come pick me up so I can tag along.
I kin see that mah phone is still actin' up. Folks is thinkin' they is on a blocked list 'cause they is texatin' me an' I ain't even gettin' them messages.
I don't understand why folks is scairt to tell another person they got feelin's for 'em. It's just fear of bein' rejected.
Why not, if everbody sees what that fella sees and then all of a sudden tells me about it like I was hankerin' for the news.
You're right. I ain't never knew, didn't want to know, and still don't know. I always held you in high regard as a woman, and I never deceived you. You were the one who did that.
I do miss ya somethin' fierce, Judy. Come on now and pay us a visit soon! We reckoned y'all would be comin' to see 'bout Lante's birthday.
I sure do hope that fella don't get mixed up in what JCole's doin'. I don't want him to be held responsible for some tomfoolery.
That bunch is always tryin' to cause some ruckus. I was jus' fixin' to tease her a bit. She had a different way of thinkin'.
I'm still sittin' here at work, hopin' it'll start movin' slower soon. Ain't got that hangover no more, thank the good Lord. And I've decided to stick with Jack and Crown from now on.
I neber ax for Christmas gits 'cause the gits I wan' cost way too much fer folks.
She come up with all them big ideas and hints to help me out of a tight spot. It really worked. Ain't never asked for help of mine before.
I reckon that's why, 'cause I never did get no better'n D's in school, an' lookit me now.
I'm headin' home now. Aww shucks, I had a real good time with the fam-bam!
Love's kinda like a savings account down here in the South. Y'all can't take out more than what y'all put in. And y'all can't give none more than what y'all got on deposit.
No, I didn't hear that myself. I told her 'bout what you said 'bout that there thing. I just put that together with that, and it's you they're sayin' is behind it.
I reckon we had us a little chat last night, didn't we? I do take a likin' to them tunes I heard on y'all's website. I shore as how I need to talk to y'all real soon 'bout that there music.
My brother's movin' real slow, like a turtle on a hot day. I'm shakin' my head in disbelief. That there black fella went and lit the wrong end of his cigarette. I'm just glad I didn't want to hit that lit end with my hand!
That one time when you go lookin' for somethin', and it ain't in the place where you left it! That's how my life goes.
I missed out on some real good tv today...but I had a darn good reason...it was from the ground up, though.
I can't stand it when women in the food industry got a real nasty attitude about 'em. I reckon I oughta go back and give that son of a gun a piece of my mind at Captain D's.
Lawd have mercy, my babe, Kellee's comin'. Y'all don't know how much I've been missin' her.
Yessum, but just for this here weekend. You'll be startin' over again next week. Ain't that the way it always goes (laughin' out loud).
If you have to wipe your ass more'n three times afteR you poop, git yore shitty butt in the shower.
The White House got them missiles hid under the front yard and an underground bunker down six stories that can stand up to a complete nuclear assault.
The Education Department ain't givin' out them Pell Grants no more to them Community Colleges. That there news ain't been put out yet.
Folks just can't stomach seein' you doin' better than 'em, and it's always our very own kind.
Obama said we's depended on that there foreign oil 30 percent less, but the price of gas just keeps on climbin'. We best set 'em straight.
My buddy's flyin' in from Seattle, and I'm flyin' in from Atlanta. Ain't got long now before we're gonna have us a real good time.
She don't get it why Ah thinks raisin' the minimum wage would be bad for our economy, specially in these hard economic times. ButAh's gonna tell her how Ah sees it so she can understand where Ah's comin' from.
Shit, number one dog givin' me that number two dog feelin'... Climbed my way up from the bottom to the top, so why's this happenin'?
It ain't 'bout east or west. It's 'bout black fellas and hoes, power an' moolah, an' jockeys an' phonies. Which side y'all on? -Machiavelli
They ain't gonna be happy till they gets that package. Ain't no need to fret none. But it's gonna cost ya your life.
Black men'll tell lies with a straight face. I'm shakin' me head; ain't none of that come from me. Just chalked it up to the game.
The secret to my winnians is, I be tellin' the gals straight up, I ain't worth a darn, an' lemme know if they gonna think different.
I'm mailin' my grandbaby a Hess truck 'cause if I was a little boy, that's exactly what I'd be hankerin' for! Many thanks to Hess.
When fellas say they can't handle a woman 'cause she's a "bitch," he probably is just feelin' insecure.
I sure do love me some "Reflections". That there music and Bible verses just brings me a world of calm in my mind and visions of Heaven that'll make your heart sing.
My main problem with hoppin' back into bed is that once she's finished with ya, she acts like nothin' ever went down between y'all.
I jus' tried to look at the temp'rature on mah phone. It said, nuke-uh, it's cole. Please don't be askin' me no dumb ass questions. I jus' shook mah head.
If he was roamin' 'round preachin' peacefully in them sermons and keepin' his cool, not hollerin', folks would take to it, wouldn't they?
I'm fixin' to update my Facebook profile pic today. Now, which one of my Facebook friends oughta be my profile pic?
Hey, Janice. It's yer sis here, and I do love ya something fierce. I'm tryin' to figure out this here tweetin'.
What's my schedule lookin' like this week? I got work on Tuesday. Hump Day, that's my rest day. On Thursday, I'm headin' over to mama's house for a family visit. We're gonna hit up a nice restaurant on Friday night.
HALT ~ Ain't none of us supposed to get too (H)ungry, (A)ngry, (L)onely, or (T)ired--it can lead to some real sinful things. When I'm really goin', you know?
A cousin of mine, that I ain't seen in years, hollered for a hairbrush. My mama had the nerve to hand 'em mine. You reckon I wanna have it back?
I used to believe I didn't have no hobby, but now that I'm ponderin', I reckon causin' destruction oughta count as a pastime, don't you think?
I waked up this mornin' and got me a wood. I used that Vicks inhaler 'cause my nose was all plugged up.
Today I prayed to the Lord to help me keep my wits about me, my sights set on the goal, my paws off them cookies, and my feet on the straight and narrow! God bless us, every one. Amen & Amen.
The footbal game fer Jayden oughta be called off 'cause snow or sleet's comin' to Georgia. He's under the weather.
It's been a good while since I had me a solid Long Island Iced Tea... I reckon I could use one of them and two shots of Patrón.
Golly gee, if that's true, I can't go no where but out of Mississippi! But I reckon I'd like to come back to Mississippi, but I just don't know. Where d'you all want to go?
Shout out to all them fellas that got "goin' steady" as their ringtone for their side pieces.
I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place, y'all. I'm in a pickle 'bout which D to add to my team. I've got the Rams D and the Titans D in front of me. I need to replace Seattle since they're on bye week. Could y'all lend a hand and give this ol' boy some guidance?
I don't do that backdoor talkin' on Twitter, what I gotta say ain't got nothin' to do with nobody on Twitter.
My gal AIN'T gonna be headin' out to no clubs neither. That's real disrespectful. She can dance herself a little storm in the livin' room. I got me some Pandora playin' in the background.
Brownsville's too far fer me 'cause I'm dead hungry, an' I gotta be at them work by 2:00pm.
The news was sayin' that the Braves Ballpark is movin' over to Cobb County. I reckon it'll mean a heap of lost tax dollars. Will that affect the locals? What are they gonna do with the old place?
Popeye's ain't as tasty lately. I don't get why it takes me 15 minutes to get a chicken there. I'm just jokin' 'bout all the things I'll do for my mama.
I got a whole lot on my plate, but I'm right scared that it'll be next Sunday 'fore I see this here kind of chillaxin' again.
I'm plum terrified right now, and I'm tryin' to get this here thought outta my head, but I just can't seem to stop thinkin' 'bout it.
He's actin' kinda like Dave did before we headed off to Africa. Ain't as erratic as Kanye, though.
Listenin' to Kanye and Sway... an' 'Ye is the real deal. Ain't sayin' he ain't. But he's also a little batty. Needs some help. An' some better copin' skills.
That gal done changed, but I knew it was gonna happen, an' that's why it ain't botherin' me none.
I needs ev'rybody close to me puttin' in some effort to make money. If y'all can't work, best stay away from me.
Ain't none of ya asked me to keep an eye on that little one of yours. You up and left, and now it's a brand new day, and you ain't answering that phone no more... I'm just plum mad 'bout it.
I's bout to juice up mah phone an' jus thought 'bout how I loves ya'll, even if I neva tell y'all or don't often say it, I do.
Men ain't the best at havin' a real high pain threshold, y'all reckon?
The only thing I can say is that I got a real hankerin'. Give me some sea urchins and dolphin meat, along with some calamari, every single night.
I don't give a darn. Go get rich or die tryin'. My mind is set, for sure. And which gal are ya yakkin' 'bout?
I'm shippin' ya a box in the mail. It's gonna be same-day delivery, so the stuff inside won't croak. I sure hope ya enjoy it.
Money's my posse, taxes an' all that moolah. Ain't nothin' but stacks. I'll neva fall.
If y'all ain't from Crescent, then y'all ain't no heroes. I've noticed a whole lot of y'all actin' like it, but when it comes to askin' me for help, y'all don't seem interested no more.
I don't rightly understand how them free-and-easy gals manage to snag themselves a boyfriend, while us good gals gets took advantage of. Ain't nobody got time for that.
My bedtime's at 9:00 p.m., but I hit the hay at 9:01 p.m. Ain't that some Thug Life, just jokin'. Fuck havin' a bedtime.
They believe they're some kind of heroes, and it's tough as nails to change their minds about that. They don't take kindly to that notion neither.
I wanna wrap ya up real good. I wanna kiss them lips of yours. I wanna make you feel like you're somethin' special. I wanna claim you as mine. I wanna hold you close and never let go.
Why in tarnation is it that every time I put up a picture on that there Twitter, it always comes out sideways and won't let me fix it! Ain't that just peachy?
The Pacers is gonna give us a hard time in the Central. I sure hopes Rose is prepared. There's more weight on gettin' this done proper like.
The older I'm gettin', the subject of eatin' butts is gettin' way too real. Folks used to deny it, but now they're lookin' around for acceptance. Motherfuckers.
I read that list of 30 things Complex wrote that supposedly messed up the internet. Strugglin' rappers really oughta been put higher on that list.
If I shelled out cold hard cash for season tickets any time, it'd take an entire squad of soldiers to drag my ass outta that mamajama.
I reckon if I so much as look at the heater button in my pickup, the gas light's gonna come on... You ever feel that way?
I ain't never seen none of their sports games, but I'm gonna give it my best shot and try to catch their next game.
My mama told me not to let nobody make you feel less 'cause they ain't doin' nothin' but hatin' on you. Keep your head high.
I reckon they got them wires on 'em, so I don't go around talkin' like that. I believe my gal is a real peach, so I ain't spendin' much time on the phone neither.
"Your boy done got himself invited to that high school all star game, ain't that somethin'! My little bro's makin' some noise. Go out there and make it happen."
That really put a wrench in my day. And it ain't no better, cause now that stinkin' Dolce & Gabanna Light Blue perfume is blowin' my way.
Y'all event promoters can quit sendin' me them tweets 'bout y'all shows. Cause most times I shan't be present. Make that every single time.
They wanna have every last penny of theirs, an' streamin' ain't gonna cover it. It's simpler to sell right to the people.
"Allow me to apologize in advance for what I will do to the bathroom after Thanksgiving." That's alright, mate.
The Bulls is tryin' to swap Boozer over to them Raptors. It's about damn time they done got rid of that fella.
I were jus' settin' an' watchin' me some Players Club. Ain't none too good, but I do love mah big sis. She's the cool one, the cute one, an' the crispy one.
Uncle Charlie Wilson was something else, lemme tell ya! The other night, I reckon you're as right as rain, buddy! Just keep on doin' whatcha do best.
I ain't never had nobody do somethin' like that to me 'cause I don't hang around with folks like that. Nobody'd ever try that on with me.
I've always wished I had me a girl who loves her some basketball. That way, we could be actin' all, "(IN LOVE AND BASKETBALL)."
We've been up all night smokin' us some marijuana/drugs, and now the mornin's here. I'm headin' to the store, be back later, fool.
It's kinda like Moggs woke up one mornin' and said, "Y'all remember me? I was the cool kid in high school. I reckon it's about time I created myself a brand and started gettin' paid."
I dozed off at six and I'm wide awake now. Shakin' me head. I'm fixin' to make myself go back to sleep! I got work in the mornin'.
Maybe he figured, bein' a woman an all, you oughta have went out there in the dead of night an investigated yourself before callin' the cops.
When folks take a gander at their old pictures from just a few years back, and act all casual like they ain't seen the signs of them aging considerable.
Alrighty then, I reckon I'm on the train with that Zeta fella who turned into a Sigma Gamma Rho a few years back. (Yep, it's quite the tale!)
I get why you're all riled up; I'd feel the same way if somebody done treated me that way. But it needs to end. You got yourself a little one now.
He don't have to do nothin'. She decided to stick around, now she might as well go along with this here part or nothin' at all.
But as soon as you touch me, that's a whole different ball game. I'll fight ya cause you disrespecin' me 'bout some boy.
All I wants is tenants that ain't gonna give me no trouble and gon' pay their rent on time.
You might be livin' in a country where the Taliban's taken over. Folks say they don't take kindly to seein' happy women around there.
The lead dog in that pack takes this here winter pack mighty serious. The finest moment to haul out a gun and pop 'em when it warms up, like during the Summertime.
It's the high price of gas what's makin' folks come up with new ways of renewable energy and find a few ways to save on fuel.
I've been sittin' hereabouts for 'bout ten year now, and it's a real sight seein' how time can change folks.
It'd a been real sweet if they would've shared that Praise and Worship song with me, I reckon, 'fore this mornin'. That's kind of humorous.
I's doin' way too much durin' this winter, so I can put on a show for the summer. I's jus' such a black man.
"Do I get me a drink with this here meal?" Lawd, I reckon that ain't her first rodeo in Subway.
Who in the world showed no respect to Trinidad? I reckon he'd answer back, but lemme tell ya, he ain't no rapper, that's what he claims, anyhow. (We all agree.)
Good mornin'! I's askin' Jesus to watch over each an' every one of y'all. Protect y'all from all kinds and the spirit of "Catfish." Do it right now, Jesus.
Clearly my frat's havin' a rough time, 'cause gosh darn it! Folks won't let me be willfully ignorant durin' my achievin' week.
My principal and half of my work buddies are leavin' early from school to go to the Ravens Parade. Heck, how's that s'posed to work? Haha, haha.
The principal jus' asked me to play some Kirk Franklin at the school dance. Lawd, he ain't for real?
Were asked to play the Star Spangled Banner at a Wizards home game in two week's time... Gonna be a good time.
So how do them Sigmas feel 'bout Morris Chestnut throwin' up the hooks in Best Man 2, though? I reckon they felt right fine doin' it.
Now y'all listen here, folks don't usually bring no good sturdy paper plates to their barbecues. I always gotta bring the best kind mahself.
Folks is actin' disrespectful towards me on twitter, claimin' I don't care for big women, but my dearest pal is a big gal. Y'all just back off from me now.
Kobe gotta keep that bubblegum in them lips. I jest 'bout it, but lemme change the subject from him. He's still just as gifted.
I'm straight-up about that business; ain't no need for fibs. Act your age 'bout it. Shit, I can't stand no liars.
My best gal pal had to sit me down and say, "I know you're hurt, but give it some time. She'll come around and feel bad that this happened..."
Baltimore's showin' y'all some real crazy affection. Can't hardly wait for that game tomorrow. Keep on prayin' for the team. Go Ravens!
I reckon stuff just goes wrong sometimes, an' if I don't manage to make it happen, then it was beyond my control. But then I'm gonna put every last bit of effort into makin' it happen.
Just 'cause you wanna be pals with me, don't figure I wanna be pals with you neither.
Hold up there, brother. Me not returnin' your calls means quit on with the phone ringins'. My voicemail's full and I'm just shakin' my head.
After that, he went and broke up with her in a real quick hurry. That boyfriend of hers, she thought for sure she could push him into marryin' her. But no sir, he wasn't havin' it.
I can't stand it when a man tells me he loves me 'cause I sure do hate sayin' that back to him if I ain't got the feelin' for him.
I hate picnics, except for Black men. I don't like clubs, but I might go to VirgoBash if my friends approve. All I need are red cups and my living room.
I ain't gonna be sittin' in the house all day long. Even if I'm cooped up in here, I'm still gonna be in here wit somethin'.
At the job: Dang, it's just 1 o'clock?! At home on your day off: Dang, it's already 1 o'clock?
A shop had to put up a notice sayin' somethin' like this: Somebody left their boy in their car playin' on an IPad. The mama or papa needed to come out and get him. People got their priorities all mixed up.
In that there room thar was three fellas. Fact is, one of 'em's a woman. I reckon they're up to somethin'. Truth be told, we might know what it is. But he'll neva admit to it.
I'm real mad at ya. It's 1:30 in the mornin', and you went and spent good money on that VIP parkin', and left your boy back home with just an Ipad to keep him entertained while you went out drinkin' and partying. That there was real irresponsible of ya.
The most uncool thing that could've happened was to remove NBQ chicken wings from the menu, what in tarnation were they thinkin'?
I'm headin' outta here at work, but I wanna make it clear that I gotta add on whatever Gallon y'all are talkin' about.
I'd like to see Chris wearin' somethin' else and have more hair on his head and face, but he's still a cutie.
Just remember that them banks is full of hogwash, which is why I just steer clear of 'em when it comes to my money needs.
Yessir! I'm just tryna help 'em get their lives back on track. We all make mistakes, but sometimes makin' that one good choice can change everything around for ya.
My husband jus' said, "Git outta my way. I'm a cook." So Ah's movin'. Do yore thang, honey.
Some gals can be sneaky, but I'm just all about them high heels, laughin' my socks off. That all make sense? Guess that's why they say we're kindred spirits. Yessiree, same here.
I'm laughin' mah damn fool head off, yeah, for sure. But Layah ain't gonna go neither. She gets all mad lookin' at me eatin' 'cause she don't have no teeth yet. Poor thing.
I wanna have me a bell pepper and a ham. Can't finish the remainders! Where ya at, Thanksgivin'? I can taste it.
Folks be killin' me. You're walkin' 'round here with all this new stuff, but you can't get your kid nothin' new.
I went on over to the casino 'bout Thursday an' had me eleven drinks. I've been feelin' under the weather ever since. Tomorrow mornin', I gots myself a job interview at the hospiatal.
I near 'bout gets fully dressed, but den I lays mahself back down on the bed. I knows mah mom'll be askin' questions. I can tells her I's gettin' dressed.
I got me some clothes on. I got a whole heap of stuff, but I chooses to wear rags and look like a hobo most of the time. (96% of the time)
I'm plumb grateful fer a God that's got a plan an' never leaves us high an' dry. My God's a purty wondrous thing to my soul.
Sweetheart, you oughta wear a fancy gown instead of that club dress when you go meet the folks, ya hear?
Dear Sir, the person what's agatin' my enemy ain't never gonna be my buddy when we playin' defense like that. Sincerely, a supporter.
I asked Popeyes for two wings, but looky here, they went and put somethin' extra in the box. One big dry as breast, and an unexpected wing.
Sayin' you got a gal in the club is like speakin' Somethin' fancy like Spanish! But them gals in the club don't heed that.
I reckon that's right, but the final outcome is always somethin' cool, man. You got it. I'll give it a shot, brother. Keep on lovin', man. Love is in the air.
Us be headin' over yonder to see Disney on Ice. My neice is just plum tickled about it! She can't seem to stop sayin' now Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, and them Donald Duck folks is gonna holler 'hi' at her.
I come to find out that I was real purty different from them regular folk way back when.
That there lady's McDonald's sack busted open and dropped on the sidewalk. All she's got the energy for is standin' there perplexed and tryin' to sweep it up, but them birds swarmed in before she could finish.
There's just too many Peter Gunz's goin' around... Should I marry that side chick he's got? It's kinda like ridin' on three flat tires.
Ain't nothin' more disappointin' than runnin' out of yer favored lotion and havin' to make do with one that don't sit right with ya. It got a stronger perfume scent than anythang else.
There ain't no way in hell "AsL" means "As Hell." I just can't wrap my head around that being true.
I can't seem to luv these here gals, they's makin' me weak, an' I can't trust these gals 'cause these gals is some kinda freaks.
Plans has for sure shifted tonight. Gonna be all 'bout Bey. I'll be gettin' tuned up into Opera and HBO on the telly.
Let me put my John Hancock on this here contract!! I'm the big boss man, the CEO of my very own record label! I got the power to sign anybody, even little ol' me!
It's the Thursday now. So, folks don't got no time for Popeye's and their non-special menu prices on Thursdays through Wednesdays. Hee-haw. Non-special menu prices on Thursdays through Wednesdays. Hee-haw.
Why does it hafta be her birthday tomorrow? Ain't got nothin' right now but my bed. Don't believe in birthdays neither.
That don't add up if you work from 9:00 in the mornin' to 5:00 in the evenin', 'cause we's all fightin' to keep goin' past 10:00 at night on a school night.
The Dallas Cowboys' football season is done. Their cornerbacks are gettin' burnt up like them lamb kebabs on a stick under that 360 degree light.
I got me a new gal that's real sweet. I do miss her somethin' fierce. But don't you worry, I'll be seein' her real soon, for sure.
I'm fixin' to watch the game after gettin' plastered on tequila, so you know I'll be that rowdy fella laughin'! Hee-haw, hee-haw.
I'm fixin' to go see a Washington Wizards basketball game real soon now. But I'm mighty disappointed 'bout Randy Whittman and Sam Cassell still be on that team. They're just awful.
The 49ers is fixin' to get some mojo back with that business. I done saw them kinda actions comin' from white folks afore.
By the end of this year, all them middle class folk is gonna buy that very same Benz model. I'll put my money on it.
How do I make another person believe that our "special" relationship oughta be kept hidden from others, and get 'em to agree, even if I'm feelin' mixed up about it myself? That's a puzzler for sure!
I don't take kindly to all them Black fellas workin' downtown 'cause they come off as real unsophisticated and dull collectively.
All the women in my life done stopped talkin' to me. Not even mama and granny. They ain't speakin' to me neither. Women is something terrible.
That there black fella, John, was just ponderin' if he could manage it every single night when he sets foot on the floor. He mighta had fifty somethin' goin' for him.
Ain't no mount of money nor nothin' too big of a job that could make 'em act that way. Can't hardly believe it.
You don't have to fork over that much dough for tax help. She knows her stuff. She studied and got herself a college degree.
10 fellas... you's gonna have a scrap with 10 fellas for your man... That there's suicide business. I said the exact same thing.
I got to quit allowin' folks to eat at my house no more. Once you give a bite to a squirrel, they'll keep comin' back.
I reckon I ain't no pig, but dang it all! Ain't there somethin' or someone that can give this here gal some kind of love or attention?
I had to bitch an' moan to the bank a heap of times to git that twenty dollas back. They was actin' real stubborn 'bout it.
Darling Lavette, in the name of the Lord, I'm advisin' you to take a good look at your spiritual self, 'cause you're seemin' mighty insincere and critical to me.
So I answered the phone when it rang and the very first thing this telemarketer said was "Ain't that the truth? Wish y'all hadn't dropped out of college?"
You better take a seat and quit your ways before I lay a hand on ya. I bring in more dough than her, and I ain't got no beef about it. You best go suck on a dick.
It's jus' like I figged it. He seen my sack. I wuz so baffled 'cause he said I shou'd git out.
Everythang I got, I's mighty thankful fer it all. My fambly, frens, mah life, luv... an' dis list'll jus keep on goin'.
If y'all gonna send a text message, please see to it that you send more than just one word! Ain't no need for a message with less than five words! You can keep that word to yo'self.
I don't know but just a few of them Zetas I knows is right purty and real thin. Tha's all I can come up with at this moment. Makes a lil' sense, it does.
Textin' and haw-hawin' with an ol' buddy. Lord, I did miss him somethin' fierce. Ain't nothin' like hearin' that he's doin' well and in a good, solid relationship. He deserves all the happiness in the world.
What I'm lookin' at here are them vacation pics, and it's plain to see they're all from the very same place. But not a single one of 'em has been posted side by side with another (I've done that too).
Mogs gon' be mighty pissed off, but I can't recollect Mike cookin' this good 'fore. This here's been goin' on for quite a spell.
This winter ain't been too terrible till now. But it's doggone freezin' out yonder.
I don't reckon I know who done that blackmail business with the Pope, but it had to be some high-rollin' fellas packin' a heap of moolah and powah in the world, with a whole lotta proof.
The real messed up thing 'bout religion is that it's all based on interpreting what folks believe, and people's intentions ain't always pure and trustworthy.
These here kids, they be the kids of mamas an' papas whose mamas an' papas was on drugs. Now, I got professional problem solvin' experience, but I just don't know where to start in tryin' to help 'em.
Howdy, can I go ahead and take a look at your business and the way it operates on them there mobile phone systems like the Nexus 5 on the Global System for Mobile Communications?
In Wiscyshun, me and mah software program creators an' military enlistees. Lawd, it sure does feel good to be the most stylish fella in this here building, laughin' out loud.
Ain't nobody ridin' the train with ya, seein' some fella you think you'd hafta throw a punch at if a ruckus started? Naw, that ain't never happened. Alrighty then, forget I said nothin'.
Howdy, you other Son-of-a-Greek-Man Greeks, what's the name of that Iota Founder fella who turned back into a Nupe?
Howdy there, brotherhood brethren, what's the name of that Iota Founder fella who turned back into a Kappa Alpha Psi member?
I's laughin', Chaz was too hilarious in that there last skit, an' weren't them pillows supposta be, like, two ol' behinds? That's a good one.
Folks be postin' somethin' on their page, and it pops up in my newsfeed, and I get all riled up.
But lemme tell ya, they didn't do nothin' to me. It's jus' some ol' colorful commentary. I used to use this here analyticskill for somethin' wicked, though.
If you truly loved me and was concernin' for me, you wouldn't a left my side, but instead stayed put and didn't turn yore back on me nor spread lies 'bout me.
In 2009, I was on purpose turnin' down gals 'cause I knew I was doin' too much.
Man, I can't stand that I got mixed up with them gals. I done decided to be the mama of my younguns. Lord have mercy on me, not right away, but yes, it came out selfish and bitter.
He don't get it. He had a rough go of it in the league 'cause he was just so full of it, himself. He also had some trouble with keepin' up with the defense.
In Houston presently, there's over thirty gal pals what's startin' to figure out they ain't got that special somethin' no more.
I reckon I'll go get me a haircut tomorrow... I'm the sorriest when it comes to doin' that during the winter time.
Ain't nothin' we can't figure out a way to make a fortune from this here business? You reckon you can lend a hand in discovering a solution? I tell ya, I got enough firepower to take care of this situation.
I got me four there automatic shootin' rifles, but no nine millimeter handguns. So I'm all set and ready, while you ain't. I'm thinkin' 'bout attackin' you, 'cause you made a mistake makin' fun of one of my favorite rappers. I'm dead serious about this.
So you're sayin', if he can cook then he must be gay? Ain't no way to come out on top, I'm all mixed up. They's single 'cause they's busted goods.
Ya'll ever come across some foolishness on the interwebs and ponder why folks believe they're all that? Truth be told, I might be a mite too blunt.
Dangnear! Who in tarnation keeps runnin' back to his ex-girl every time things go south in his present relationship? Where on earth do they do that at?
I'm livin' and learnin' that life's full of life lessons, and I'll neva go down this road again. Bein' an upstandin' citizen ain't gettin' me nowhere.
That'd be his issue, I reckon. What I'm mostly curious 'bout is why gals take it so poor. Ain't just the pics look humorous.
I don't reckon I know why she goes around thinkin' she's all big and tough. But I'm gonna bring you on back down to earth, honey.
I'm fixin' to put in an order fer that there one time, and den I'll call 'em back and let 'em know. Ain't none of that sat right with me.
You're dead on, that's a hoot... Boys reckon them Vikings is purty! It were a fine game, an' Romo done his bidness.
You askin' 'bout how much I weigh? That there's an old number. It were back when I was all hopped up.
For a gal to earn the same kind of respect mamas get, she'd have to be the most devoted gal on this earth. These gals...
He'd fib cause it brings about the finest outcomes (his aim). If it were a clear-cut matter 'bout sex, it'd swing in the man's favor.
But if a fella comes tellin' ya \"we can be in a relationship,\" he's goin' about it all wrong if his intentions ain't nothin' more than just havin' some sex... but...
As I sit here observin', I see younger fellas doin' things, and it reminds me of the way things were back in the 90's. But I can also tell where that trend ended for us.
I usually figure the worst is gonna happen, but I pray for the best... That's the simplest way to AVOID bein' let down.
That team is plum nuts, I sees them Zillow emails too; it's just in certain parts of the town.
Let me tell ya, that don't none for me... I'm just naturally gifted, see, from my regular old family tree... You little fellas gotta put in some effort.
I got this here Facebook friend, what I can't name, always postin' pictures of stuff she "wish" she could git.
I don't have to feel no particular way 'cause I'm just a no-good ass....That's just how I'm made.
I've been sippin' on some strong Liquor, you can sure smell it on my breath. I see some fine ladies around. Folks who keep it real, those who are Black, they're tryin' to get it on. Some folks want to throw down, those who are Black.
Afore I joined our gang, I knew the worth of pals. But I ain't got the right words to express it.
She said "Y'all 'bout to miss church" while we was sleepin' together. Can't finish this here business until my sundae got that cherry on top.
When a fella sets up house with a gal, the very first time he says, "This here's my place," makes me giggle each and every time.
They can't git the job they hanker for 'cause of them criminal and drug checks. They just don't got the grit to get the jobs that's layin' there waiting to be had.
I allowed my little one to snooze. She seems so serene, but if our roles were reversed, she wouldn't let me rest.
When I'm cruisin' down the avenue, these gals give me a hard time. They're hollerin': "Charles, we're pissed at ya!"
The only reason I ain't fond of workin' in the dining room is 'cause I can't stand dealin' with drunken customers.
I don't reckon I can stand much more of this. I'm givin' y'all every last bit I got until there ain't none left!
You gits fewer minutes on the court than Steven Novak, and you shoots like Shaun Marion with no good dribblin' skills, like Tyson Chandler.
I got on two necklaces, but them things ain't bossin' me around. I got me some dreams. Ain't none of Philly birthed me.
These women sure do go places. Even the ones you thought hadn't, they have too. But I ain't foolin' none of 'em with my bullshit.
More 'n one person can play that there game. I'd win me a hand at it.
I can't stand that cancer business. Ain't no sensitivity in me. I'm just real deep into my own emotions a heap.
That's a mighty intriguing question. Why in tarnation did they call off the game for a kinda power outage, yet it wasn't pitch black and there wasn't no fog nor snow?
Which one of y'all? Which one of y'all? Which one of y'all's goin' home with Moody?
No, but I've always took a likin' to that there phrase "Act like you knows what you're about, until you does know what you is doin'." There's got to be somethin' in between.
I were the complete opposite. I managed to watch three episodes afore I figured out that gal's flat was situated beyond Dionysus. Good show, it was.
I went out there for a run, but I didn't make it far. Ain't nothing about the rain that kept me from going, but that blasted wind sure did!
Howdy Tweet-Thangss, them Nazarene MBC Younguns had a real hootenanny of a musical last night! Y'all oughta go see it! God bless y'all.
If you head on out there to see that movie, Snitch, with The Rock actin' in it,Then ya'll be a snitch.
They reckon they 'bout to pull an all-nighter. But I reckon they'll be snoozin' within the next ten minutes.
Anyone actin' all funny like that ain't no good person. They're just puttin' on an act. Don't make me repeat this, but I don't mind if they hear me sayin' it.
I'll do anythang for the folks I think of as my closest pals. Some of 'em go by Brudda, Diary, my better half, and even more. I got room fer more. I'd be mighty pleased if you'd join up with my team as soon as you can.
I sure do hope she took a picture of it all 'cause, like I mentioned before, I was jus' actin' out that part.
Why do some folks think I'll recall a person if I mention their name twice? "You recollect Johnny?". Nah, only certain folks do, y'know?
So, Bob, ya with that bullshit? I'm laughin' mah ass off! If you mess with bony-back-ass Lesha before you mess with me, then show some respect.
I wanna stick my tongue from yer head down to yer toes. But I'm lyin'. I can't stand them foot things, so I'll stick my tongue from yer head down to... well, you know.
I gots to get up and go to church house so I can ask for them forgivin's. I done need forgiveness for everythin' I did last night.
I can't believe we had such a huge advantage, but they came back like this. The Ravens gotta do better.
Reckon that's how you're givin' 'em a blowjob? Me shake my head, and I reckon you're still hankerin' for that retweet you're all worked up about.
I've run into that woman a few times. But how does she know what I wear? That's kind of strange and funny at the same time.
Yessiree, last year they had to drill somethin' up my hooter, and I had me some black eyes and all that jazz. It was a real mind-boggler.
Every high-quality man knows if you wanna get it on with a gal, You're gonna hafta do whatever it takes to get it on with her.
One day I was watchin' over my li'l cousin when Jason come playin' tug of war with her. She was a whole lot stronger than he reckoned.
I jus' seen a brotha, African American, with a cardboard license plate an' all, ain't even in the windshield of the car. It was just straight up in the car.
Takin' them vitamins to be all natural and such, but obviously it ain't natural if you're goin' around takin' vitamins to get 'em.
One day only sell - ev'rythang is half-off. Covers, promos, studio time, lemme know wich kind of deal ya want! Send me a message to work out the details.
I'm right pleased I hightailed it to the liquor store the day afore my famly come for Thanksgivin', so I can stand havin' em at my house all day long.
The Baltimore Orioles done won the ball game. Now let's see if they can carry on that win streak at home in the next three games.
A white woman was for real restin' her body on the black post office lady. Lawd have mercy, I thought I had to write it down.
I'm fixin' to step out and hunt down some grub and brews. I do wish I could run into you. I reckon I could use a drink about right now.
I'm sippin' now on my sweetie's cookin'. So I'll be tellin' ya 'bout Special Victims Unit. Go have fun, honey.
It blows my mind how some folks don't even got a Twitter account, but they know every last thing that's goin' on.
Donte, Biggy Smalls, Chian, Faith Evans an' me is all the same. Lil Kim is better'n that.
My day's goin' in the wrong direction. I jus' hopped outta the car with it still in Drive.
You think your big self is better than little ol' me, ain't that right! But I'm comin' on strong, shinin' on y'all.
If you begin to feel all worked up in your chest, thinkin' you're fixin' to give up, well, that's the truth.
If I can't stand ya, that speaks volumes 'bout you! Cause I get on with just about everybody.
No, you shoul'nly need a good cleanin' and a fixin' up of the hair, and that'll be plenty! You reckon you'd like it?
I reckon I'd like to give that milkshake a try, but I'm plum scared I'll end up addicted to yesgod. They're the devil, yessiree.
If y'all think I was mad when I heared 'bout that there other gal, I already knew bout it.
I jus' needed some time by mysef to get my thoughts in order an' ask myself "why didn't I take care of him"? "why didn't I take care of him"?.
Why them fellas on social network act so sloppy, makes me giggle. They're just old hicks trying to show off.
Unless we knows 'em, these here women owes us nothin' but that it's YOUR man what's in the wrong. That's right.
My boyfriend's been spendin' time with another gal, and she's drawin' him away from me. He's mine, and I ain't threatened by her.
Mike jus' chomped on me in the kisser and is actin' real silly. I hollered at him to come and git his boy. He said he's a-comin'.
Ain't I the only one hankerin' to see them Hunger Games, The? Naw, I do. Looks real purty to me.
I don't take kindly to carryin' an umbrella. This here rain is cold.
"That rain's really gettin' on my nerves. Wish it'd quit." You ain't the only one what feels that way.
You didn't even say 'hi' to me. I reckon a man's got a lot on his plate. I've just come to pass through.
I reckon I don't know how to fib. I always seem to get tangled up in it or I 'fess up myself. Lawd, I be workin' on it.
If somethin' was to happen to me, I jus' wanna say that my life's been in danger. It's happened a few times this month.
He got all his guns now. The bye week done passed. Tom Brady, #12, and them Patriots defense too.
I jus' seen an Andre Williams hight-light from another game. How's he differ from his contemporaries? Do tell, suh.
Everybody and their mama is puttin' it all on Twitter. You're about to take your last puff of air while tweetin' out "RIP to me, y'all"
You're not worth a darn. Quit actin' like you're superior to me. I just can't take bein' treated that way.
If he done broke it off with you, then he ain't showin' no interest no more. He changed his number so he could be chatty with other gals. He ain't got no interest left in you, and you best learn to accept that fact.
I ain't lookin' at my Twitter feed no more. Y'all be talkin' 'bout some real dumb stuff, an' everbody thinks they's some kind of philosopher.
I've always kept it the same ol' way! Ain't never changed how I behaved, and some folks just can't get enough of me for it. Others done gave up on me 'cause of it. But the truth is, I've always been the very same.
It's darn near a miracle how powerful the black man is! You oughta give bein' a white man a shot! Lord have mercy, it's a real hoot! I'm laughin' my head off.
I can't believe how bad my leg's hurt from gettin' hit by that bus. You oughta sue the driver.
Y'all think it's likely that we got a new Champ? That title'd suit Big Show just fine.
Let's head on out to the countryside. I'm just dyin' to see what kind of get-up Santino'll be sportin'. I reckon I'm mighty curious 'bout what Khali'll be wearin'.
So Goldberg Jr. got himself a test for any of 'em on the roster. He can sit back and watch which one of 'em takes up that challenge.
I ain't gonna let her rattle me none. I'm just gonna switch things up in that there recipe.
I's singin'. Mornin' wood is makin' me feel right. Blast, I forgot the lyrics. Hee-hee. Good mornin', anyways. Hee-hee.
Folks say you can't change a bad gal into a good one 'cause when a good gal goes bad, she's gone for good. But now I got to deal with the truth that I done Idid wrong...
I switched lanes and them cops tried to keep up with me, but I managed to shake 'em. I'm just laughin' and I had myself a good ol' time partyin' tonight.
In the big ol' church crowd, I've been shoutin' 'bout righteousness, Lord. You know that, don't you? I sure haven't held back my words when it comes to preachin' your word in that great congregation.
Y'all can call me ugly and it wouldn't make a difference 'cause that's just plain stupid!
Can you reckon that this mornin', I was feelin' just fine, but now, I don't feel so hot at all. I sure do hate bein' sick.
I'm real tryin' to get myself to an Auburn University football game 'fore the season ends. Preferably attendin' the University of Georgia game 'cause I just can't afford them dang Iron Bowl tickets.
I seen 'em by that there bridge last night. Six buses was settin' there. I hopes the damage wasn't none too terrible.
Jameis Winston is the big shot around Florida State University. Folks might be doubting him needin' to force himself on no woman. That there white gal's hankerin' for some cash to help settle her student loan debt.
No, I reckon I don't like Bama none. Baylor oughta lose and I can't rightly figure out why Oregon's still hangin' around up there.
Dad, God bless ya, I'm just sayin' thank you for your Prayers. We sure do Love you all. In the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.
Ain't none of them texts, calls, Facetime or nothin' waitin' for me when I take a break, just noddin' my head.
That woman was callin' them fellas "brothers" and "cousins," but get this, it was right after they gave her a roofie! I'm just shakin' my head in amazement here. Women do say some crazy things, I'm tellin' ya, I'm laughin' so hard I can barely breathe!
I had that there Yo Gotti album been sittin' with me weeks before it come out. I jus' finished listenin' to it. That song right thar, it's a classic!
BCU beat FAMU 29 to 10. But the FAMU Marchin' 100 is back, but they couldn't keep up with the BCU Wildcat marchin' band.
I sure did take a likin' to that Tribute. Even if we was suppose to keep quiet about it, we still remembers her with a warm heart. Now, who do you reckon'll be next?
That crazy-ass feelin' for hopin' and for a quick heal! I knows he's gonna take his sweet ol' time.
Out here, some boys got me laughin' when they with their sweetheart! They tryin' to show off that they're a couple by grabbin' each other's behind and actin' all silly like that.
That there lil' gal with the ugly mug is a looker. I'm fixin' to let her believe she done somethin' she ain't doin'. Shit, her man's beggin' me to quit so I will. Guess she's sick.
I don't wanna step out tonight, but it's some kind of party that I reckon I might not wanna miss.
School and basketball with my boy takes up all my time. I needs me a good home-cooked meal. What about you, what happened to your cookin'?
They ain't worth nothin' but on the grill! I do love me some turkey burgers and I reckon I want one right about now.
My next gal-friend won't be smokin'. I don't huff and puff on a cigarette myself, see. So what in tarnation would I want you, with your awful, no good, horrid breath, to do? Smoke? No ma'am, that ain't gonna happen.
My mama got at least ten wounds on her whole body, from her head down to her toes. Some of 'em real bad. They might take more'n a year to get better.
I jus' axed mah babe if she was puttin' all that grime in her babe's hair. She's yackin' 'bout it 'cause I'm finally gonna let it grow. I'm shakin' me head, grown little lady.
I really wanna apologize fer sure 'cause it ain't right for me to have it slip outta my mouth and holler big, crazy stuff like that at her.
Vic's bangin' my old gal, Nunu. She's actin' like she didn't do the deed with him. But listen here, that's my buddy, you think he wouldn't tell me?
Get yourself prepared for the initial episode of The Verse One Show. It might air as soon as the first week in December.
Last night in me dreams, I was at mah house settin' and rockin' mah little girl. What y'all reckon that was about?
I sure do appreciate them little flat rate priority boxes y'all sent me. I'll make sure to use one when I ever ships a $0.99 VHS tape.
The Department of Commerce and Insurance is really fightin' for the rights of Tennesseans, both consumers and businesses. Ain't that nice to hear? She's doin' a great job in Tennessee.
Sittin' here watchin' Eminem on BET. Now lemme tell ya, this fella don't hold back none. He gonna give it to ya straight up, every single time! I just love this real deal guy right here.
It's reallly cold out at this here game, but seein' them San Francisco 49ners grabbin' an interception sure does make me feel a whole lot better.
Lovin' my little girl and her lovin' me back is the biggest love of all. That's all the love I require.
On them lonesome days, I can handle. But them lonesome nights, ain't what I signed up for. I'm shakin' my head. I don't wait around for love, it comes waitin' on me. Don't rush those feelin's. I wait to feel.
My goodness, without no make-up on, y'all are some ugly, mean ol' creatures. But, even with that, y'all still look like good ol' Homer da Clown! I'm tellin' ya, it's the return of the living dead. I'm laughin' myself to death over here, just sayin'.
She mighta been right thar wit me from the start but what truly matters is which one of 'em gon' be there for you when it all ends.
Holiness ain't 'bout worship, meditatin', or sacrifices. It's 'bout keepin' our focus on our duty towards other folks.
Don’t speak neither listen. They'll be watchin' and if it piques their interest, they'll focus in. Lawd, this here's truly about me!
It's gonna go real good with her and my southern cousin of mine. I reckon he's fixin' to pay a visit to his Floridian partner, who's got a certain sexual orientation. Ain't that something funny? Go on and pray for him.
Now let me make somethin' plain, neither of the Illinois brethren had won no step show in that state twenty years prior to '07.
I wanna thank Nashli fer settin' me an' my partner out to 03. Y'all was makin' sure we got there, an' we sure do appreciate it! Laughin', but dead serious.
I sure do love where my life's headin'. I'm keepin' an eye on ever'body. Ever'body gets a fair shot.
That's 'cause he's just a natural, chubby boy. Mogs didn't even take notice when I changed up my profile pics over the past six years. I'm just laughin'
My brother said we should be prayin' for his ex-girlfolks. This here sad gal said she was gonna handle some new kind of fellas. She's all about the gold. I'm just laughin'. Must be a southern thing.
To all them single gals what don't need no man and is takin' their Christmas tree out to the alley this weekend, y'all better be laughin' out loud!
I'm plumb happier'n a pig in a poke. These here new shoes that jus' come out, they're fixin' to be on my feet! Damn right.
I've been yappin' 'bout this here stupid-but-true stuff for more'n fifteen year...but NOW it's really hittin' home once them thirties roll around. I'm gonna take it easy, though.
Yessiree, I'm a bears supporter. If ol' Frazier don't bring us them consistent playoff wins after a few good years, then yep, he'll likely be let go.
I reckon tomorrow I'm a-gonna tweet in the complete reverse all day long. I'll be sayin' the total opposite of whatever's on my mind at that very moment. Anybody else wanna join me in this little experiment?
That's a hoot! Yeah, it can be tough. Just take it easy and remember folks are doin' their best. That means a whole lot. And ain't you fixin' to plan that \"all-girl day\"?
Yessiree, C's better start thinkin' 'bout the future. Ain't no way they're winnin' with the team they got right now.
I could go on and on 'bout them fellas who only focus on what they need right now, but never think about the future. I could do that, but I ain't gonna.
That fella jus' shoved that chicken on over. He's a right beast an' can't be held back. They gotta foulish him somethin'.
That gal claimed I was pals with her. But she's full of shit. Ain't no way I mess around with gals like her.
Give me a real rough and tumble broad, one that don't care a lick 'bout nothin', and that would stick a knife in another broad.
Why is it that them neighborhood barbers gives ya the finest haircut but can't seem to be on time? It's sorta like they knows that you ain't gonna go nowhere else.
When you start thinkin' that things is gettin' worse by the minute, God goes and shows you that he got somethin' even better and bigger in store for you.
Yessiree. I been thinkin' 'bout doin' me some Crossfit 'cause I'm plumb tired of seein' them non-basketball-players representin' in them classes. I's laughin' out loud here!
Man, all I wanted was to fix myself some cheese, eggs, and grits. But it ended up bein' breakfast for the whole dang fam. I'm just shakin' my head.
I'm plannin' to really give it a go with this here deep fryer, and try out this Jerk DeepFried Chicken Recipe that I got memorized.
Saturday, we taken Nyla to the hound dog park. She was really enjoyin' herself! Doggies makin' friends just like people, it's a real laugh.
Tierra oughta be thankful I get that she's jus' havin' a rough day, 'cause I was fixin' to let her go.
Every auxiliary member of a D9 who would've liked to join in the DST celebration but instead opted for just one letter and a symbol.
I can't trust no woman hangin' 'round my man. She better be his sister, cousin, mama, or aunt, 'cause I ain't got no problem bein' disrespectful!
This here Chinese restaurant cooks them pigeons real slow, just right. Makes me feel like this food's mighty fine chicken and beef.
Once I finish this here second one or get me a PhD, how they gonna act?
To all them club promoters hankerin' to grab the "greek" crowd, but never been to school to learn how it syncs up...
Travis wanna go to a Nets game in Brooklyn. Him thinkin' that might be a fun day-trip, big ol' bus journey.
Last night, the quantity of liquor I put away was sinful. Yet, I didn't get a taste of a hangover...all thanks to the Patron Saint.
On New Year's, I was real close to my aunt's place. I oughta 've went over there to see Raque.
When y'all got one of the finest defenses in the whole league, y'all always gits yourselves a chance to make a ruckus in them playoffs.
On-line identity stealin' ain't nothin' new. Most times, the feller what owns them pictures never finds out none. Ever.
Don’t none of y'all tell me that some women on Twitter is goin' off 'bout sth that went down last year. Go kill yaself, tramp.
In my work place, there's them thar K-Cups... and I don't take to that java myself, but I reckon it makes us seem highfalutin'. I's just chucklin'
It's right nice to have somebody that believes in ya, even if them rumors be sayin' different. Somebody that's strong as an ox but still got that gentle touch.
I jus' cussed out my lit'le brothas 'cause they didn't pick up their phones that I bought 'em. Who the hell do they think they is?
I got me two tickets to that there paradise. Yippee yi yo. Yippee yi yo.
By the way 'em looks, it seems like most folks ain't workin' today...and lemme tell ya, I've never had this here day off before.
If what you're sayin' is that you ain't expectin' me to follow the same rules as I do for myself, then yeah, that's right.
I'll give it a go tomorrow. This here flu's near about had me whupped for a week now. I could use me some nursin'. I'm haw-hawin'!
That'd be somethin' real purty to see happen, but Miacan't swing that cost at all.
Yeah, it'd make a big difference if I wasn't feelin' so under the weather. I don't wanna be the one bringin' a whole outbreak of sickness to the workplace. I reckon I picked up this sickness at work.
I ain't no paid time off user, unless I got me some fun stuff to do...I'm gonna work regardless of the weather.
Nicki knew for sure she didn't wanna say yes, but she went and said, "I reckon I care too," 'cause she was gonna make it through it anyways.
An' when I go 'head an' pay it back, seeing as I already did pay for it, I get all queasy in my stomach. I'm just laughin'.
In that film there's this here woman actin' real dumb as a stump. I'd give my left nut to reach through that screen and give her butt a good ol' whack.
My li'l pal is huntin' for contacts but I ain't got none to give him. All I got is the same ol' "work yerself to the bone over time and if they don't pay ya, skedaddle."
There's three of 'em makin' real poor decisions, bargin' in doors, hollerin', and shootin'. The cops is called but they don't git there fast enough and they skedaddle. They come back and the cops is called again. This time the cops gets there quick smart and arrests all three of 'em.
It ain't 'bout fuck, man...it's more like I don't get the way of teachin'. Why do I gotta tell ya whatcha gotta do?
An' yeah! Quit usin' my mama's Government name 'ere! That's twice in ten minutes! Hahaha!
I'm fixin' to hit the hay and grab me some shut-eye. But I'm plum tuckered out, and my little princess ain't showin' no signs of tiredness at all. So if you wouldn't mind, could you please come and get your child so we can put her to bed?
This here jazz is so calmin' that it jus' makes my mind forget them troubles I been thinkin' 'bout.
Settin' on me bed feelin' mighty bored and aggravated, longin' my man was here. (grinning face) But he ain't. (pouting face)
I reckon I went on what they call \"swimmin' dates\"" by sayin' I was headin' to the pool, anybody comin' with me?
You're dead on, I did fib! Ain't gonna be able to make it to that there NFC championship game. Even if they're playin' like that.
Ain't nobody gonna get our attention unless they lose by three points. But if they win by seven, then we'll be lookin' at him. It's best to do it earlier in the game rather than later on.
Yessiree, but eleven months, I don't think it's gonna make it. Now you gotta have some extra checks to get through, and I know 'bout that hard life.
Deep comprehension is like The Incredible Hulk. "Git yer best shot of me or git yer worst"
All that learnin' an' still havin' to take dick in the back of the Dating Game, that's gotta be somethin'.
That there sideline security guard's back is prob'ly busted good after takin' such a direct hit. He's fixin' to be able to git them disability benefits real soon.
Downtown, when you're sittin' around, people watchin' can be real entertaining. You might see somethin' funny goin' on down there if you're lookin'.
Sideline haters, y'all? The stronger them Falcons play early on, the more I reckon they're gonna lose me. But I really hope they win.
I'm ponderin' how Brady got himself fined for near 'bout kickin' a hole through Reed, but he didn't have no trouble gettin' Suh.
Hey now, you went and made a joke 'bout my height, seein' as I'm a man. I reckon I deserve a comeback, so how about you try again? Please and thank you.
Technology's the biggest demonstration of one thing bein' so plain and yet so intricate. Every time y'all believe y'all got it figurered, there's still more to grasp.
If y'all can work up the nerve to do some real low-down dirty stuff like that, then y'all ain't got no hope left (e.g., Gang Bang by Hoop Squad)
Folks born under the sign of Sagittarius got a real stand-out kind of personality. When one of 'em falls in love with someone, they don't let go of that love so easy.
Y'all make it real tough on me to get outta this house. It's even harder after I've had a good workout leavin' me feelin' all sore.
He's goin' on 'bout "she must be hidin' something", but why in the world is he with her? I was laughin' my ass off.
When his team fails to make three easy shots that he gave 'em, it ain't no big deal 'cause Kobe'll be back.
I forgot 'bout that, the best was \"Forever Boy\"!\!.
I might seem all right, but I'm always tickin' off the minutes I got to work, and I put in a real effort to keep my thirty-five hour work weeks.
Who is mama supposed to be tellin' me 'bout gettin' my hair cut? I told her that she got her own head. She's bold.
I reckon there's plenty of fellas out there who ain't got a clue that they was once Valentine's Day dates for all them gals callin' 'em boyfriends now.
We had a real good time there, and the service was given by a non-showy gay person. The drinks, called patron shots, cost just 8 dollars for two.
The Good Lord is our shelter, specially in hard times. He looks after them that put their trust in Him. - Nahum 1:
It's sure purty ya'll have been stickin' together so long, anything different if y'all wasn't bein' faithful.
"God's gonna keep sendin' the same folks in yer way, till ya learn the lesson God meant for ya to learn from 'em."
Askin' sombody to do sumthin' instad of tellin' 'em, and sayin' thankyou, makes it all differnt.
Today's mah final day drinkin' soda and I's cuttin' way back on drinkin' alcohol! Mah kidneys ain't so good.
This here's Olivia speakin'. I'm right here in New Orleans, but Tunein ain't connectin'. Let me in, let me in!
When I tell Halston 'bout my plans fer the next few months, his face is gonna have that look.
This here'd be the biggest shocker in wrestlin' ever. You teamin' up with them Shield folks. They been wreakin' havoc on Punk and Heyman.
It's called drownin'. You tell me somethin' I don't know? Well, you can die from drinkin' too much water. That's a fact I didn't know till now.
Y'all is sure actin' real cheesy now! Hee hee, you know why? 'Cause that old dog what we call... Aww shucks, forget it.
Whatever y'all spendin', it's all good, we got the money for it. Ain't no way we'll be able to carry it with us when we move on.
You can sell them merchandise. And go tell that there little gal, who wants to mess with you.
That strange feelin' you get when you got headphones in yer ears and ya think somebody's callin' ya.
You think I'm foolin' around, but I ain't gonna keep on arguin' with y'all. Damn right, I'm done.
Right, went ahead and read that there script with a poker face to the lawmen. But that there female private parts really threw him for a loop.
Well, fuck that. Life's like that sometimes. Win some, lose some. And this time around, damn it all, I lost the one I loved most.
I knows why she's all riled up, an' it just sets my teeth on edge. I wishes there was some way I could save her from this mess. I can't abide them hoes that's makin' her so mad.
The women really like Sosa. As to who Sosa is, I'm just the translator and don't have that information. Regarding your other questions, "cobra" could be referring to a type of snake or a gang called the Cobras. As for whether it's the same as a gun, no, they are not the same thing. A gun is a firearm used to launch projectiles, while a cobra (snake) is a venomous snake that can deliver a deadly bite. Similarly, a Cobra (gang) is a criminal organization known for its violent activities.
Folks be sayin' that Dick Clark had himself a real Rockin' New Year's Eve, but lemme tell ya, GreaterHarvest is the one truly rockin' at this moment.
I reckon I don't give a hoot who ya know. I'm jus' tellin' ya what ya look like. I'm real sorry if I come off as rude.
I keeps tellin' ya mah answer, but ya just ain't payin' attention. I reckon it just ain't registerin' with ya, but if ya don't wanna me hangin' 'round, that's fine. I always told ya.
Y'all and Phadera oughta set y'allsselves down and have a heart-to-heart. Y'all was real good pals. Don't let no money, or a tape, or them fakes come in between y'all.
That's a text I ain't lookin' forward to none. One of my old pupils fought the good fight against a rare muscle disease, but he didn't make it today. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
I've had enough of dealin' with somebody else's business, 'cause that part of my life is closed.
An' the last reason you knows God's lookin' out for ya is 'cause you woke up this mornin'.
I've been gettin' mighty close with your honey. But lemme make this clear - we ain't gone all the way yet. She only went down on me once.
My wife went and said, "Babe, you got this here thing for shoes, but you don't have to be buyin' em none. Cause they just keep on comin' out."
The quiz what's gonna be up fer next week ain't due till Saturday night at midnight, but I'm a real go-getter. I'm doin' it right now at the bar - ain't that a hoot?
If you work real hard, you'll likely need to hold down a nine to five job. That way, the cops'll leave you alone and those persistent women won't be all over you.
Congrats! You're gonna make a purty bride! Ain't been to Atlanta yet fer a visit. Gonna try and do better in 2013. Laughin' out loud.
Howevah, I went out with somebody whud nehver lemme pay, but he wuz real protective. So I guess it's true, ya benefit mo' by offerin' somethin' every now and then.
I got to put my blasted phone case on. My iPhone acts just like a newborn baby.
But in the long run, ev'rythang'll work out fer y'all if them folks is truly y'alls friends. Jus' keep focus on y'all selves; bein' purty an' all.
Black feller, you claim you wanna hop in! Climb aboard! I come from the other side! Let's get this going.
Aww, I sure do wish I could and I'd absolutely love to. I really need to. I was plumb scared out of my wits after that car accident. It left me feelin' uneasy about my future road trips. I sure do miss you.
 chucklin' my head off.I's just set here laughin'. You had all them bottles lef'.
Dang buddy, I reckon I wanna be just like you when I grows up. Ain't that somethin'. What kind of mischief y'all gettin' up to in Atlanta these days?
"Member that Mer soccer match?" Yessiree, I was plum pissed off out there. You was a-wildin' too.
Let the truth have its say! I sure did enjoy the first episode; it was something else. I'm right glad to see you findin' your way.
Torn my ACL in my back, but my back's shot from tryin' to lift a rack of clothes.
Hee-haw, my buddy! ol' Big Dante, how are you farin'? Send me them videos. I's laughin' - I needs your number once more.
Awe, that's somethin'. It always gets to me though when I got the same dang number. Look at this here. I'm just laughin' my head off!
I'm spendin' my money. That's why I'm huntin' for some more. Hope he didn't come runnin' to you. I don't give a damn. I'll kill a man. Some of y'all rap like...
Heavy D chowin' down on that chicken straight from the grease, hush your mouth. You goin' on 'bout you done that, laughin' my ass off. That shit burnt the roof of my mouth, I'm shakin' my fuckin' head.
An' a real sharp-dressed colored feller comes in third 'cause he might not have no cash, but he can still draw the most eye-catchin' gal in the whole buildin'.
In that situation where you let Lil Wayne have sex with you, you oughta think about me too when I get my taxes, which is around 1200.
Y'all are goin' into that nail salon lookin' like a herd of sheep. But don't you worry, you'll come out lookin' more like goats than when you went in. And let me tell ya, I'm laughin' my goddamn ass off at the thought of it.
Folks keeps tellin' me I got the knack for drawin'. Well, I'll be damned. This here's just a stick figure. They go on, "This is the best one ever!" I say, "shit." They retort, "Fuck you."
Josh Wilson disqualifies himself from the game in his mind, but his team helped him to cheat. I managed to make that fella stumble on the court, and the ball went right past his head, but I hollered myself sick laughin' about it.
I don't wanna know ya none, so when I got some free time to ponder, I ain't thinkin' 'bout you.
That there Chief Keef CD just might be the best CD ever made, I swears it! But a future mix tape is gonna be even better with Chief Keef's voice in it.
Well, that's a hoot! So you're tryna pull a fast one on Twitter, hee-haw! I'm rollin' on the floor laughin'. Don't go denyin' your feelins' for me now. I'm just bust out laughin' my socks off.
We's gettin' mighty old now, I recalls when we was just nine year olds, it seems like only yesterday when we didn't have no worries at all.
"I used to act just like you in high school, all worked up, full of energy, and sexually unsure." "I ain't sexually unsure!"
You don't get my hardships. I was a big kid growed up. They sold me dreams. But you did it too. Just noddin' my head.
My puter was actin' up and refusin' to play no more, but I'll give it an ear before I head off to work.
Raven, that'd 'a been yer last fight. I ain't got no idea what kind of dog ya think I am, but baby, I'm a long way from bein' scared.
That's why he come back, but, hollerin' out loud, he loved you more, hollerin' out loud, and no, Boo, now that we's together, he don't email or Tweet nobody, hollerin' out loud, you're mad 'cause he left.
I'm rollin' on the floor laughin' my damn fool head off. This here kid is screamin', "Do your dance on my dick. Oh, baby I love it!" I'm laughin' at my mama sayin', "Kid, shut the fuck up." I'm dyin' laughin'.
My classes this semester all got that somethin' about 'em makin' me think I got a good shot at gettin' an A, as long as I keeps my mind on the ball.
Hee-haw, the oldest prostitute amongst 'em is actin' up. OG, she bragged 'bout makin' my black friend jealous. That's what I wanted that fool to do anyways.
Lawd have mercy, yes indeedy! The rain and chill in the air has kept me away from the band room.
Lawd have mercy on us. If that's the case, it won't be happenin' in my bedroom. I prefer quiet when I'm sleepin'.
I had to quit smokin' that marijuana, see. Ain't been gettin' no more of them highs from it. But lemme tell ya, I've had me some higher highs from that there stuff, hahaha! Nearly overdosed on it, too!
I swan, I can't abide them highfalutin' folks what act like they're above it all. My head's a-shakin'.
I'm chattin' with my buddy 'bout the whole shebang, and he's makin' me feel a whole lot better.
I ain't got no work tomorrow! Got a friend comin' to visit, and I ain't got no work tomorrow! Where y'all the gals at?
Don't be passin' judgment on me. You ain't got the guts to deal with half of what I've been through. There's a reason I do the things I do. There's a reason I'm the way I am.
I had to switch out my picture 'cause I had a bottle in my hand. Ain't even drinkin' no more.
It's real funny how folks only pray in the church when they got troubles, but forget all about it when things is goin' good.
Can't hardly wait 'til I can git off. Five o'clock, let's go. Me an' my buddy's fixin' to git us some good grub an' brews an' shoot the breeze. That there's funny.
I were mighty grateful fer ever'thing 'cause I feels like I seen more genuine grins in 2013. Them grins was bigger an' wider than any I had seen afore.
What in tarnation's goin' on, y'all? Alicia Keys and Beyoncé is fixin' to sing the National Anthem real soon now durin' the half time show. My television set is gonna be all quiet-like.
This here the end of week four, so y'all oughta have ten dollas saved. Next week, y'all gon' save five.
I'm the newest hire at that there clothing brand. 2013, y'all hang on. Gonna be drawin' crews commencin' next week. Go check it out if you want a sneak peek.
Man, you're bullshittin'. I ain't seen ya since July 6th, 2011. So I knows you's just braggin'. I's laughin'.
I miss ya every day, an' I wanna be with ya. But, you're gone, an' I'm really missin' ya. But, if I was with ya, would I still feel the same?
I'm passin' on what's bein' passed on to me, it's all of mine or you're just another face in the crowd.
By my side, I swallows my pride real purty for y'all. Your love's done completed the package. It hits me so hard, I can't even stand straight no more. Can't rightly explain why y'all's love makes this old Southern boy feel so weak-kneed and helpless.
Public Service Announcement: ion ain't got nothin' to do with nothin'. That don't concern me none. I've always been the quiet type, never been one to yap.
What the hell. If it's on my page, you must've been snoopin' and carryin' on 'bout somethin' I said. It ain't in my tweets.
War, prejudice, perverts, liver 'n onions, nuclear weapons, parents fightin', takin' naps and the very thought of dyin'.
 cent deal,Who amongst y'all wanna go out to eat with me? I'll be payin'! Ain't nothin' like a 99 cent bargain!
I seen ya in WW mag'zine toddey; ya is a real classy gal. Ain't that right, congratulations on makin' the Ebony covah; it's purty as a picture.
I'm wide awake an' watchin' the NBA on the telly. This here fella they calls Isaih, he's about as interesting as a wet dishrag. He oughta stick to coachin' or bein' a GM or somethin'.
It's prob'ly tough on women that knows they deserve more, but can't tell if a fella's jus' playin' around or jus' need some room.
Folks gotta be smokin' some marijuana or crack cocaine. Choked up on my gunsmoke. Let's get back to the tunes. Ain't got no time for that.
That's how I felt when you asked me 'bout how I spent all that $50 of your money down in Greek Village.
Maybe one day I'll share one of mah writin' works with y'all, so y'all can see there's more to me than just bein' a fool.
Alrighty then, he got himself in a pickle. He asked that gal to pay him a visit after a few chats on the phone.
Man, there's just so much to it. It's a real long tale. We'll chat again tomorrow, but I reckon I was kinda lettin' my sorrows go on, holdin' em back with them weights.
Girls wanna go to the club, get real drunk and sloppy, have them random kissin' sessions, then wake up in the mornin' like they want a real relationship with ya.
I's just haw-hawin' out loud. Been two whole days since I did. Ordered me a new deck. Same day, I got plastered and found it in mah boot when I was walkin'. I's just haw-hawin' out loud.
Hey there, partner, which house ya spendin' all yer time at? Sittin' on their furniture and whatnot, heheh.
Folks really gotta hit the treadmill at the gym and run a mile. Y'all better take off, and drink boatloads of water just to make it through.
That there little boy in the barber shop jus' hit me, so I on purpose messed up his haircut, makin' him holler.
Hey there, ain't nothin' important. I reckon you're askin' 'bout the kind of place a video game gon' be set up at, right? You figger that out yet?
I got a whole lot swirlin' around in my head 'bout what's comin' up for me this year and down the line. Ain't never felt this thrilled before.
Happy Founder's Day to all y'all sweet ladies of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. I hope y'all have a real fine day of celebration.
Well, me havin' goose bumps an' near passin' out, I reckon I'm mighty sick. This ain't like me at all.
If a woman got on them matchin' underthings - bra and undies all the same color or pattern - when she took off her clothes, she planned on lettin' you have sex with her.
Folks like us oughta spend less time hatin' on them who done good and more time tryin' to understand what they did to get ahead.
That there little tyke jus' come out an' say, \"Mommie, I's so disappointed...\" He had his head in his hands. I's laughin' my head off.
Since you left me, see to it that you don't return no more. I'm plum tuckered out from all this waitin'.
My little one ain't feelin' right, so that means no relaxin' for Mommy. Hope she gets better quick now.
My little girl's throwin' one heck of a fit 'cause she can't get no candy at all this here day. She tells me I done got it right.
I can't connect to this here stuff, but. I don't know 'bout makin' coke. I don't know no Cuban...
Black folk don't get it, they gotta quit tryna live that way 'cause livin' that way can get ya six feet down.
When men go around sayin' foolish things just to get some notice on twitter, can we jus' put a question mark next to it instead of payin' it no mind? Yes? No.
How do you keep five dark-skinned fellas from attackin' a white woman? Toss 'em a basketball.
Well, here I was at this there old juke joint, and they put on that tune where Darius and Nina was doin' their Chicago step.
Thundercats, I'm plumb confused 'bout that $200 date origin of y'all's. I can't tell if y'all is spewin' the truth or just bein' sarcastic and laughin' it up, haw-haw!
Black folk knows they can put on a show. That's why I get up every mornin', say me prayers and act like I don't got a care in the world, but a black person is thirty years old.
I'm fixin' to take TLC to court over this here stupid show. Now what in tarnation is a Professional Mourner? I'll tell ya, it don't make no sense to me. Shakin' my head.
It's really a put-down for folks who do it knowin' they ain't. But yessiree, I'm feelin' good now.
Lawd have mercy; these gals in here is chatterin' 'bout hair. Wish they'd hush up and get some darn work done.
This mornin' in Sir Alex Ferguson's bedroom. Wife says "wake up, it's already 7." Ferguson says "What? They scored another one?"
Ain't no humble fella ol' here, but I reckon there ain't nobody gonna get the best of me.
Either I'm seein' things that ain't there, or a whole lotta folks is choosin' to date folks who looks just like their uncle, their daddy, their mama, or their sister. It's mighty creepy, if you ask me.
But I'm an Aquarius, so it's in our nature to wanna be by ourselves most of the time.
Dang straight, Matt Schaub ain't no precise quarterback in my view. You oughta see this here game.
This here's yer buddy Six. I'm still crankin' K104 all day, every day from DMI. Ain't that right, T. James? My gold!
That time when you snap a selfie and all of a sudden, you understand why ladies be chattin'. I ain't boastin', promise.
And y'all stuck-up women is wondrin' why them supposedly "ugly" and/or "fat" women be gettin' all them good men. It's 'cause they don't expect their man to do every little thing.
When Kobe gets hold of that ball, he gotta make himself one move and scoot on out. He shouldn't be sittin' there waitin' for them defense boys to make his shot a whole lot harder than it needs to be.
Too much salt'll kill ya, I reckon that's why them critics of mine keeps on hollerin' at me. Roarin' out loud. Ain't never leavin' mah house without mah salt-proof vest on.
I can't believe that gal acted all nutty the way she did. And come up with some made-up rumors, too.
I don't know too much 'bout the ways to climb to the top in the law, but if it's been your heart's desire, just hang in there and reach for it, honey.
I ain't got much to share with ya, buddy, 'cause Kobe and KD is playin', but don't you go losin' hope. Great success don't just fall into your lap.
Question: Where at is your fraternity card? Well, it's on hold over at the store. Ain't paid all my pledge fees yet.
Walk? Ain't that what they used to say way back when?Naw, I don't go and do that.
You gotta quit splitting up your pics in twos and threes. I don't wanna see the same pic poppin' up multiple times.
I'm a member of the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority! I'm thinkin', shakin' my head, I thought for sure their symbol was a pinky, but seems like there's more than one way to know.
What happened to "The Game," they said it was gon' be on in January, but now everybody don't wanna wait till March.
I'll never give Shonaka nor Tae my phone again. They take more pics than there are stars in the sky.
Tweetin' instead of textin' ya back is the fastest way for me not to text ya back when you text me.
Where y'all at hangin' out? I'm all mixed up and you, honey, ain't told me yet that you're here.
Don't let nobody's hate ruin your dreams. That hater throwin' rocks 'cause they scared to go after their own dreams.
I reckon I'm a-gonna go to that there game tomorrow, and I don't want nobody askin' me for some free grub.
I got to have my split ends trimmed, but no woman is gonna chop all of my hair off.
I'm laughin' mah butt off, gal. But I was so drunk, I can't hardly remember. Was I double drunk or what?
Tae, it's so blasted hot in here that my contacts near about gon' slip right outta my peepers.
Out I go gettin' my sis somethin' to eat 'fore she heads off to work! Ain't that sweet, Juju.
Well, hey there to the dang Sigma that was hollerin' outside my window and disturbed my sleep, but it's your special day, so go on and enjoy yourself, my Southern brother.
Y'all are actin' the fool 'bout these gals. Smashin' windows an' windin' up in jail? Can't believe it. Sounds like some real girly business.
I can't stand them words that BET movies use instead of curse words. It tickles me funny. Ain't nothin' about thatmake-no-sense stuff.
Baby, you's my everythang, you's all Ah evah wanted. We can do it real big, bigger'n you's ever done before.
If I sell my old iPad for two hundred dollars, I'll give you a call 'bout that there business of yours.
When folks find out I don't give a hoot 'bout what they think 'bout me, I swear they gonna be a whole lot happier off.
Hee-haw, it'll be me protectin' myself, and lemme tell ya, nobody else gonna be able to tell my side a that story, hee-haw.
Y'all's laughin' me to death tonight. But hang on a sec, Tae, what 'bout the next day when you was dead as a doornail with just straight-up black folks?
I reckon I'm plum tuckered out, so I'm tryin' to head on to bed. Nobody go and call me 'cause you'll only be gettin' my voicemail.
I reckon you's right, Tosha. I believe they're mixin' up who it was 'cause only one fella in the club that night had a drink. The only person in the club with a drink that night was Tae.
My fingers is just itchin', itchin', itchin' for that there paper. I be roamin' 'round this here city with my calculator in my pocket, speakin' all futuristic like.
His girlfriend's actin' all famous off my name, ain't no cash in it for her, just laughin' at ya, low-down self. Blocked.
Weird thought for the day: "The essence of our moral compass comes from the traits that make us who we are deep down inside." -wemac0
Hey ladies, if y'all try to throw down with a man, don't be shocked if you get clocked, 'cause unfortunately, it can happen.
When my daddy got put in jail, none of his buddies hung around or lent a hand when I was goin' through tough times. So it's fuck them now.
I reallly do love me some hip hop musik. It's the kind of music I take a likin' to the most. I jus' finished watchin' one of y'all's old videos. It was different than what y'all usually do but it still feels current.
Either you messin' with me or you ain't. If I get the feelin' that you ain't, then I ain't gonna waste my time nor my breath on ya.
Y'all need a workout plan or y'all workin' every day of the week? I got off on Tuesdays and Fridays, but I can't remember what days I get off early.
Amen! Y'all don't you worry 'bout that. If y'all got faith in God, He'll answer y'all's prayers and reward y'all. There ain't no other way.
That there doctor's real sleepy in the mornin', but he gets to workin' in the evenings. Gotta do somethin' about this here hair. Huh, looks like I got a busy day comin' up tomorrow.
Happy Founders Day to the brothas of Blue Phi, or as I calls 'em, my "siggies"!
What's this love thing all about? A lotta folks find it hard to tell others they love 'em just by sayin' "I love you." So if they can't bring themselves to say those three little words, then how in the world are we supposed to know that they really mean it?
But while I was in Julian durin' my senior year, that sumboddy was actin' a fool 'bout a tit. I mean, he was really losin' it.
Man, that place was real hoppin'. My buddy Row showed up with some of 'em. Stuff was flyin' everywhich way. If you weren't there, well, too bad.
I'm plum in love with this here man. I do love him smilin', his style, and them dreads of his. I'm yers. I loves ya.
I don't reckon I can trust humans all that much these days. Damn. Fact is, I trust dogs more than I trust humans.
I reckon she's tryin' to get me riled up. Every time I run into her, she goes on about, "Where's my best buddy?" I don't know and frankly, I don't give a hoot.
Ain't got much happenin' 'round here, was just planning on goin' if this here fella's doctor was gonna be at that meetin'.
I got me a date tonight. It's with my bed, my pillows, and the T.V. That's still a date, ain't it?
Man, them Big Ten teams is the best conference around, so you can't be hollerin' at these yokels for losin', but they do it right at the end. Me, I'm just shakin' my head.
Happy one hundred years to all them Delta ladies I knows. Gonna holler out to them Delta brothers in my yard, ZQ. Y'all enjoy it.
Set my folks free from them bonds, man. I'm talkin' 'bout handcuffs here. It's time for us men to stand tall and put our hands in the air. What in the world you sayin' - just because I'm a black man, doesn't make me a ghost [or phantom].
Where's that gal named Black China at? Tell her I'm on the hunt for her and my future self, cracking up and laughin' our asses off! She's hankerin' for some head.
I just can't put into words how I feel 'bout you! Ain't nothin' better than ringin' in the New Year with you! Love ya, Superma.
I'm laughin' my head off. She's a right scarecrow! That there fella made her show some manners! Hey [Name]
Anthony, lookin' like an old grizzly bear, jus' come outta hibernation. Now he fixin' to eat the house up, actin' like a goddamn pig.
I got to figure out where them places is hirin'. Sittin' at home doin' nothin', that ain't for me.
Now all I really need when this goes off is some grub, Coke, a real good movie, and my boy on my phone screen through Tango.
Some folks be callin' Justin Bieber a homo-sex-shull, but I don't reckon he is. They're just jelly 'bout his voice, but he ain't, them haters.
I ain't forgot 'bout ya none. I've jus' been plumb sick an' you know how folks can be.
My best buddy lost his granny. He couldn't understand why she kept askin' him to stick around her the last few days. He just broke down and cried right then and there.
"If y'all don't go makin' y'all's own life plans, there's a good chance y'all will end up in somebody else's plan. And let me tell ya, that ain't got nothin' special planned for you."
I feels real low, like I could crawl under a rock and hide. But talkin' to my boyfriend, he made my day an' near-about put a smile back on my face. I sure do love him.
Nah, 'cause we're fixin' to chop your finger off and deep-fry 'em. Fuck you, mothafucka - so get ready, Homie.
While watchin' the Rose Bowl, I take a likin' to Ball and Phillips. That there quarterback done caught my eye agin OSU. He played a real good game. I like both of 'em wearin' the Patriots jerseys, in my humble opinion.
I'm laughin' my britches off watchin' Dragon Ball Grand Tour. I've seen 'em all. Dragon Ball was full of drama, Dragon Ball Z was all about science fiction, and Dragon Ball Grand Tour was just the characters with a whole lotta free time on their hands.
If you had to squabble and scuffle over your man, then he wasn't truly yours from the start.
Y'all decide if you want me to come or not. Shoot me a DM with your number. Ain't got mah phone on me right now.
Ray's one helluva player, known as one of the finest defenders in history! He still got it and can keep up with the other top players if he wanted to.
I'm sittin' here lookin' at my little one sleepin', thinkin' «Aww baby, your body is just somethin'. It drives me plum crazy. I'm fixin' to wake you up, darlin'. I wanna make love to you!»
Ain't no team that won their wild card game on the enemy's turf? You've made your mark, already! Secure that victory.
Y'all better not be overreactin', folks on Twitter be insulin' sneaky and them broads act like it's all a damn joke. But bitch, if I want to, I'll put an end to ya, you goofball.
I calls it the Charlie Batch sickness. I's laughin'. Ain't he had them red flags durin' the draft? He's alright now, but if it keeps happenin', I don't rightly know.
Randy Moss might be a good idear, but I ain't gonna tell ya to go get Reed. I believe the defense is fine. They've figured out the formula.
If he or she's the one brings joy to you, keep on bein' happy. Make some fine memories cause once he or you messes up, you'll be regrettin' and missin' that person.
I reckon Chris Bosh oughta take the most shots every single night. Lebron oughta dish out five assists his way each game. That right, fair and square?
Sassy killin' man, I reckon I'm A.Goff ridin' with two honeys and my blunts are gonna make you choke.
Good mornin' y'all! I'm sendin' a real heartfelt thank you to all them fine folks who showed up last night for the very first show recordin'.
You better get your thoughts straight. Open mic night comin' up tonight, 9pm at the Purple Cafe (3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL). We got D5 performin'. The whole shindig is bein' hosted by Huggy Bear.
Open Mic TONIGHT! at The Purple Cafe, 3964 Government Blvd, Mobile, AL. Featurin' Huggy Bear the Poet! Your friendly neighborhood Guest Host, Too Loose, invites you for $7 admission. 9pm sharp, y'all!
Y'all better get your heads straight. There's an open mic night comin' up at The Purple Cafe, it's tonight at 9pm. They got Mz CarriMail performin', and this here's a Erotic Night! So y'all better bring some extra panties!
I'm jus' startin' to come to, and it won't be long 'fore I gotta git myself ready for work. I'm jest shakin' mah head. I'm thinkin' 'bout callin' in sick to work - ain't that a hoot?
Abby, settin' and watchin' "Walk the Line" (once more): "Did Elvis, Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis all go on tour together? Why wasn’t I born back then?!" My little girl's alright.
Love ain't about findin' a hand that fits yers like a glove. It's 'bout findin' that person who's willin' to take your hand, even if it don't fit none too perfect.
"I reckon I need ya, I reckon I need ya. Lawd Jesus, stick by me." That's my prayer for today and this year.
"As a daddy, you ain't first a taskmaster. You is a disciple-maker. Momma, your main job ain't just to fix me meals, but to make disciples."
Y'all one mama's boy/girl, yellow-belly black person. Mess around and end up on the ground. That's how we roll, black folk.
My BFF's mad at me 'cause I told her the truth 'bout that no-good, worthless, nigger bitch. It's my place to tell you to chuck his ass in the trash heap.
I'm plum tuckered out at this here job and I reckon I gotta head on home; if I didn't cherish mah job, I would've called in sick.
See, you're the kind of woman a black folk don't hitched up with. You got too many problems and it ain't right.
I reckon I'm the lone one comin' back on Monday actin' like a damn fool. I better alter that. I's laughin' my head off.
I'd sure like to see him return to the WWE and splash in the face of them folks who ain't got no cool. Spittin' is mighty nasty.
Heehee! I'll tell ya, I am it. But I can assure y'all he's fixin' to be twice as bad off as I am. I can promise you, you ain't bluffing now, big cry baby, that's way beyond the normal level of whipped.
Y'all do like me. Y'all do like me. Y'all might hate me. Y'all might hate me. But just remember, I'm always gonna be me, no matter what.
Y'all family is gonna be stickin' with ya forever. I reckon I'ma keep myself in check, think I done went an' made a mess up 'ere.
Who cares how y'all haters feel? I still got mah money! Ain't nothin' but dollar signs, money on the mind.
This here weekend, I gots to git mah hair an eyebows did! I've been too drunk an lazy 'bout it. Time for me to shape up an get mah act together.
When a fella wants you settin' next to 'im, sunup to sundown, that speaks volumes. Passin' time is my preferred pastime.
Y'all the one what I dream 'bout ever'body day. Y'all the one what I always got on my mind!
Folks is sure funny. They holler, "I likes me some bad gals" and their mamas looks like a penny with a hole right through it. I's just laughin'.
Well, I was just kiddin'! I jest heard that fella say that I never tell no lies to nobody. He's a real character, that one.
I'd allow any gal I was seein' to have a go at her! She claimed I did a heap of things I weren't doin'.
I reckon we're jus' gonna turn a blind eye to that less-than-attractive gal, huh? This here twitter exchange has been real funny, y'all.
We don't think freedom in this here country's just for the fortunate or happiness only for the select few. America, y'all!
It's dang foolish how much I still love my ex-boyfriend, but I can't tell him. I can't stand it none.
Ugh. It's been a real long time, sugar. He just give me a call to ask how I've been farin'.
A whole mess of folks is climbin' on the Notre Dame bandwagon tonight. They're either tired of Alabama winnin' the BCS Championship or they's Auburn fans.
You better know what I'm tellin' you - I got suspended. But lemme make this clear, I didn't throw no punches. All I did was ask her to step outside.
The eye is like a door to the heart. If a person's eye is dark, then their heart holds a great deal of darkness. Dispell that darkness. Let the light shine in and brighten up their heart.
I swear 'n' stuff, if it ain't one problem, it's another. This here bullshit is really gettin' under my skin and ticklin' my fuckin' nerves.
Sometimes I hanker down to be able to read your mind, just so I can figure out how you feel 'bout me.
At the hockey arena, there's a hole in the glass the NHL better fix it quick.
I sure do wish somebody would be nice enough to take me out to themovies and let me see that "Mama" movie of 'em.
Whores is actin' all innocent-like, but I knows better. I'm thinkin', "What in tarnation, whore? Shakin' me head here.
I reckon everbody figured it was all right for 'em to go on out and leave me here.
Me and Dazy's gonna have them matchin' swimsuits, but mine's gonna be pink or black, or maybe even pink and gray.
Sittin' here watchin' the first Power Rangers movie with my little ones. It brings back memories watchin' those same movies when I was just a kid, and now gettin' to share that experience with my own babies.
Ha ha, I ain't watchin' it at my job. I mean at home. I may not be a paramedic but I do work at the hospital.
I don't reckon I'm gonna step out this here weekend. I'm jus' gonna stay in and do me some studyin'.
You're dead on, son. Be sure to take good care of your woman, 'cause good women is mighty rare.
I'm seein' Vicki tonight! I do love her and Tyrina and Toya and Jasmine and Krystal! They's all a little nuts.
You know what? I'm feelin' mighty kind today, so instead of hurlin' insults at ya, I'm just gonna say, "Good day, sir."
Please remember to pray for my mama. She's goin' in for surgery real early in the mornin'.
If I could tell 'bout the misery, I'd write me a song, but I forgot, I ain't got no knack for that music stuff.
If you knew what I know now, you wouldn't put your money on that other fellow.
If you had to make a choice 'tween keepin' yer girlfriend or winnin' the lottery, what kind of car would you buy first? Now, would that car be a green sunfire?
I'm still workin' on figurin' out Rihanna and Karruache's part in Chris's business, if you will. To me, they're just doin' their jobs and everybody's happy as a clam at high tide in the end.
My hair's lookin' real good these days. Pardon me if I act like I'm feelin' fine and go on about my affairs.
It's mighty awkward when folks say "I'm goin' au naturel now", but I reckon my hair ain't gonna be as straight as yours. Me: Yessiree, it could be! Them: It won't. Me: Well darn it.
Keep that timeline up in the top left, hit the menu button, then scroll and you'll find log out.
Miss ya too, Soon, real soon now I gon' see ya! Ain't no babysittin' (you know what I mean) it's yore birthday.
I really love me some Huck! But every time it seems like you're takin' a likin' to somebody on the show, they go and do somethin' that just cracks you up, makes you laugh out loud.
I do love me some Olivia, but I can't stand her actin' all sultry and bein' someone's mistress. Now Cyrus, I do adore him, but he gets on my nerves something fierce at the exact same time! That's a hoot!
Somethin' just gotta break. All I can sniff when I stroll off from lunch is pee and cigarettes. I's so put off by the outdoors right now.
Y'all would surely get a holler out of it, specially if y'all is a player our age and above. Y'all got the ability to make y'own team or y'all can join a team that's already existin'.
It's plumb purty out today. Feels to me like spring come early, but a'course this good weather won't last. Soon as get some frost on the ground again.
Only the good Lord knows what I'd give to have you by my side and our little boy here with us right now.
Yessiree, I reckon that's right on the money, but durin' the winter months, I can manage it, at least it ain't no snow. Same goes for me, carryin' on as normal.
It's snowin' and stickin', I hopes I git home befores it gits too dark and slick.
Cat's peepers might be the only waterin' hole downtown every night. Ain't that wrong of me?
Lawd, Jesus. I'm all set for whatever comes next. I'm just plum tuckered out from these here negroes not havin' no proper trainin', livin' check to check!
Hmmm. You think so? A gal can be real busy and still single, not lettin' it get to 'er.
A-right with not gettin' to a life aim? I reckon, partner. But everybody does the business of livin' different-like. (I'm a living proof of that.)
I can see what Thibs is up to, he's tryin' to keep hopes in check 'cause his own career is linked to Rose. But I sure do hate that negativity.
Before '07, in Chicago ain't been no brothas makin' it under thirty. I got denied membership for three goddamn years, but I kept on pushin'.
Ain't no disrespect to my good brotha Josh neither, but he come in a whole year befoah and didn't git nothin' to pop...We had the city burnin'.
We weren't sayin', "Fuck youtube." We was travelin', talkin' to folks, and learnin' 'bout them people.
Yessiree, she's just as nutty as her mama, and she'd best stick to her own affairs! They'll figure it out.
Hold up a minute y'all. This here "Indie" track by Cassie is really something else. Solange helped her make it a real banger.
Why do them critics eat beans for supper? It's so they can soak in a tub full of bubbles, hehe. Critic.
I's mighty pleased when I comes awake from a nasty nightmare 'cause they feels too real to me.
Man, I ain't been on Twitter in a good while, lemme check it out and see what's shakin'.
Why did my buddy go 'n' Tweeted, "You Jewish? 'Cause you got that look on yer face like you'd rather have this here dick in yer mouth." Crackin' up, laughin' mama's ass off.
I'm laughin' mah socks off 'ere. I's headin' to bed. Shit, it really did blow me away to the max. I just can't help but laugh 'cause, of course it will end up bein' flipped on me.
Special Sunday shout-out to that ol' church lady wearin' that see-through dress on. P.S. I do declare, I rightly enjoy the way them stockings of yours doubles up as both hose and abracadabra, ya silly thing, that's a good one
I'm fixin' to put this up on Twitter and then log off. It's just plain aggravatin', how everybody goes on about it, but don't seem to know nothin'. I sure do hope he gets better though.
Sometimes I reckon you grew up out in the country, 'cause you oughta know how to take care of a rooster. Chortlin' my momma's good-timin' ass off.
I reckon I'll hafta make that one call to the phone, and tell my boyfriend what's goin' on.
When I feels all alone, I do enjoy sittin' here and scrollin' through them pictures on your timeline. You're just somethin' else, ain't ya?
At your finest, you's pure love. You's a real upbeat, inspiring influence in my life. An' if y'all feel the hankerin' to ask why, just lemme know.
I do believe I'd like to pay a visit to Californy, once I git mah income tax refund in hand, I'll be hoppin' on a plane or somethin', for a vacay. Maybe we can work out a time fer us to see each other.
Excuse me ma'am, but you really do need to quit bein' so blamed sexy. Lawd, I done forgot what I was fixin' to type. Hee-haw.
I'm real excited to get together with my pals, an' that's gonna be at this here PG-rated Hueytown Basketball game. Gonna be a fine Friday comin' up soon.
Y'all just keep carryin' on. FSU, they whupped Clemson, but the only real win they had was against Georgia, who ain't what we thought they was.
This mornin', an angel come and bless these here gums of mine. Now, I aim to chew the living daylights outta these gum wrappers, hehe.
I'm plumb shocked, I jus' downloaded and watched what I missed last night. An' this here's my new favorite show.
It's purty as a paintin' tonight for havin' some real nice dreams. If I'm dreamin' 'bout that there sexy gal, don't that make her my dream gal?
Here's my take on it: them folks that don't care for me, they do love me in their own way. Yessiree, they do. They might not be showin' it, but deep down, they enjoy havin' me around. They don't like me, mind you, but they do love me. Keep on disliking me, I reckon.
We gotta have us a fingernail day, y'all. Truth be told, I don't need my fingers nails done, just my toes nails.
See, I ain't sure if it's 'cause we don't attend the same schools or our lives is changin'. It's like our communication is all jumbled up.
If y'all got somethin' to say 'bout my kid, tell me 'stead of the Internet 'cause some folks, you need to give 'em a good whuppin'.
There's twenty-five folks on that plane. I reckon my snorin' will for sure be noticeable. It's about time for bed, so long.
Heck, why these fellas actin' all high and mighty like they ain't got no business bein' promoters? I just don't get it... They rake in a whole lotta cash.
I swear on God's life, I was just ponderin', "Could that be the reason Dae Dae gives me that name, laughin' my head off?" So you're just gettin' it.
Y'all rapper folks, how's it goin'? Y'all still hangin' out shootin' hoops with me today? My mama cooked up some good eats - ox tail and cook-up rice. No need to put on the pressure.
I got all these here dang drugs in me, sweetheart. Them drugs got me feelin' like I'm fixin' to step into a matrix.
He don't never be with no other woman, actin' all nonchalant. 'Cause there's different levels to this here business and she could never be me.
I wanna make it clear to folks that I gets real crazy 'cause I can't stand them sorry, weak, and shabby women, ain't so much 'bout bein' shabby, but more 'bout how they carry themselves.
At night, you press your lips to mine and tell me how much you adore me. You keep me near and never allow me to feel all alone.
I recollect my previous and how I'd let the little things bring me down quick. But these days, I'm thinkin', "Fuck it. Little things, they ain't got nothin' on my hard-earned cash. No biggie!"
Our world studies teacher's plum crazy for handin' us this here paper to pen down. It's gotta be in by tomorrow mornin'! I'll go ahead and write it, but I reckon I'll just do it right here at school.
Settin' here thinkin' 'bout how great God is! August done left us, but y'all guess what? I got nothin' but compliments.
My mama's cookin' is sure somethin' special, it's an undeniable truth that it'll make you feel some kind of way and put you right out.
Once I started thinkin' it was true what the "Word of God" says 'bout me and my life, things started changin'.
I'm all set to throw a right hook at those sumbitches in the throat. Lawd have mercy! That's why I'm usually quiet. I got bipolar. As for my age, sex, and location, that ain't none of y'all business.
Since I didn't attend school today, I reckon I'll just lie back down till I can find myself somethin' intriguing to go do.
Gotta handle everthang and pray to make it through. Ain't no mistake in puttin' faith in prayer.
Well, alrighty then. I'm gonna give that a shot. Now, how in tarnation do I go about askin' for it if it ain't listed on the menu? Ha! Ha! Ha!
I ain't got much to say, but I just go along with it. Once I stop havin' a good time with it, then I'll be through with it.
It's all just for laughs, though. Folks know that gal's with fair skin, thin mustaches, and big ol' behinds is just a jest.
Ain't me the ugliest fella around here, but dang it all, gal, I just said howdy. Hell, you're a real piece of work. It's just my duty.
LMFao (Laughin' mah fuckin' ass off)... Magnanimous, N**** near 'bout had me reachin' for a dictionary. I said "screw it", and just used context clues.
That time when you stroll by Victoria's Secret, and there's a woman buyin' lingerie, then y'all lock eyes.
Hey y'all, I'm doin' fine. Ain't been up to much, just tryin' to be good and stay outta trouble. Y'all doin' alright? How 'bout your missus?
Hairy pussies ain't meant for eatin' 'em out. But ya can still do the deed with 'em, so don't knock it completely.
But for me and Noelle to be eatin' them there Krispy Kreme donuts in the middle of the night, hee-haw! We're plumb full.
A fella ain't never around when he's on top, but he'll do everythang he can to drag you down when he's down.
an' how long agone was that? I's laughin' my head off! I've bin sence I can recollect now...I could cry I'm so happy for ya. I's laughin'
I jus' come to, havin' took a little catnap. Ain't rightly sure how I dozed off so quick like that.
I seen ya dealin' with them dollars today, down at "you know where" real early today... That's a hoot... Same old stuff, just one thing. Women be lookin' for someone's money.
Coach Trestman's exactly what the doctor prescribed for my Bears! We're indebted to Minneapolis for that rotten loss to 'em last year. Let's get this show on the road, Bears!
I reckon you'd be mighty fortunate to fetch five figgers, but even so, what sorta car would ya end up with that's superior to the one you're drivin' now?
Attention all Mets supporters, y'all need to be tweetin' as much as you can do for Cuban. Here's what I mean: 1: Act like Jose Abreu did this off-season. 2: Turn yourself into a Met fan.
I reckon you's seen me texin' his daddy. It ain't right for you to be actin' that way, and I sure do hope you'll give it some thought again. I do hope you knows what you's about.
Why in the world you ask me why I called him a motha-fucka? All I said was that he didn't put it in there, dang it! Just hush now.
Andruz and Kinsler signed on for the long haul. I'm givin' ya Travis d'Arnaud and Cesar Puello for the SS position, instead of Jurickson Profar.
Today's all about relaxin', gettin' pampered, and eatin'. A whole lot. And catchin' some Z's, more than three hours at a time.
Hey, my sweetheart, my honey, she's sure lovin' me. She's always whackin' me, my phone's goin' wild with calls comin' in left and right.
What ya know 'bout shovelin' bands into them cereal boxes? Tellin' kids, "Let me know if y'all see cops hangin' out on the corner."
Honest to God, I truly don't care a whit 'bout what you reckon 'bout the tunes I favor. Yessiree, I suppose I'm a bit square 'cause I don't really dig 2 Chainz? What the fuck is wrong with me?
Folks what talks to me the most, y'all quote this and share the funniest thing I ever said, an' believe me, it was a real hoot!
By golly, I sure do hope you will, you'll be as dead as a doornail, let me tell ya! I'm just laughin' my head off here.
Marriage ain't for you. You don't gotta tie the knot to make yerself happy, ya do it to make somethin' else happy.
I believe in all the millions of chances this whole wide world has got to offer, but makin' everybody happy just ain't one of 'em.
Marriage ain't 'bout yaself, ya'll be marryin' fer a fam'ly. Ain't just 'bout them in-laws an' all that hooey, but 'bout yer future chilluns.
I'd do it all day long if I could. Just put a log chopper on and I'll give you the firewood.
Folks got real clear vision 'bout your mishaps, but they's as clueless as Ray Charles when it comes to their very own hooey.
If another person tells me I look like Ceaser from "Black Ink", I'm gonna give 'em a good wallop.
I swear to God, if we wins this here bowl game, it's gonna be right intimidatin' to whoever we plays against. I promise.
Y'all see this: "Hey, mar, my baby, I miss ya. ""I miss you too.""
I worked my tail off the whole summer an' didn't have nothin' to show for it. Had to pay them taxes on every last penny of it.
I ain't got nothin'. I jus' got somethin' blockin' me from goin' up yonder.
I didn't get to paddle on over to Waffle House or IHOP last night. So, what I'm fixin' to do is whip up my own breakfast right here now.
Sombody stole my jackety-all, an' I's plumb scared ter tell mah maw. Heck, wow, how in tarnation did you misplace it?
I come to, find myself in some unfamiliar womanly parts, he wakes up bleedin', thinkin'; "Who the hell shot me?"
I forgot all 'bout "Ask.FM", but "[Go Ask Me Stuff](http://goaskmestuff.com)"" I jus' put the link back in my bio, Soo Go.
I'm mighty grateful fer all them celebrities and common folks I've engaged with on social media these last few years. Y'all inspire me something fierce.
Success ain't about what ya done accomplished, but 'bout the opposition ya had to face, and the guts ya showed in keepin' on fightin' against that opposition.
I don't trust nobody none, so when you get me to believe in you, please don't mess up and lose that trust.
You've shown it time an' time again that you don't give a damn and that you're too highfalutin' to be over here. So just come on out and tell us where the hell you are at.
Today, I'm feelin' kinda like Oscar the Grouch... huntin' down the closest dumpster or garbage bin to crawl into and hide till five o'clock.
I reckon I seen that meteor too, but I thought it was some kinda stunt from the folks down at the fair or somethin'.
I ain't impressed none with folks at all. I'm plum tuckered out of 'em, treatin' you that way. They only come around and talk to you when they need somethin'.
I swar, goin' to college is a waste. I've had enough of that nonsense, unless it's gratis and I'm learnin' how to play golf.
Alright, I'm finishin' up at 2:30, so I can come on over and do some washin' if y'all don't have nothin' goin' on.
Ev'rythang on sale at this here place... They's fixin' to let in a crowd, and I jus' hopes nobody tries ta pilfer nothin'. *shakin' mah fuckin' head.
That dang fool gal just hollered damn, Tyga was texin' Gucci on the West Coast 'bout an hour ago... I'm shakin' me head, I've had enough.
By golly, if he ain't gonna make it outta there, then he might just take his own life if they got him back against a wall.
That fella's snitchin' on another guy at the job, but then someone goes and rats 'em out, and by golly, they're mighty vexed about it! Ha ha!
Dang, you all right? I reckon you went and hanged yerself after yesterday. By golly, you got beat by a woman, you're some low-down no-good for sure.
If you're tryin' to sell an iPhone, call your crowd "CARRYOUT", they'll sure get a kick out of that.
All I'm seein' on Instagram is pics with them quotes talkin' 'bout, "People do this, people do that." I'm bout done with that nonsense.
There's these here student loan folks followin' me so close, they got my first pair of shoes in their rear view mirrors.
I can't have me a drink 'cause I got a scrimmage goin' on tonight. I'll be cussin' out them kids and arguin' with the dumbest coachin' staff ever put together.
I ain't bein' disrespectful when I call my man and wake him up, 'cause he does the same thing to me.
Don't come near me. I used your same tricks against you and caught you in your lies. You just can't handle it. I really couldn't care less.
When I talks to him, I knows he gon' have somethin' to say to me.
I gots to go wash m'self, but I'm plum stumped 'bout what I'm gonna wear. Lawd have mercy, I got so many blamed clothes, and I'm always sayin' I ain't got none!
'Cause I didn't know he called me back, an' I ain't got no missed calls showin'. That jumpin', flailin' nonsense, I sure as shootin' ain't in the mood for it tonight.
I've gotten real comfortable with bein' all by myself. Ain't no laughin' matter, but more like a hard-learned lesson. I reckon I need to surround myself with folks who wanna be around me.
Good mornin'; y'all have yourselves a fine Monday mornin'. May the Lord's blessings, mercy, and grace be upon y'all. Holy Ghost, go before us in Jesus' name. Amen.
Why in tarnation do we have to swipe my sayin' though? I went right ahead and said thatself same exact thing just last night: "Slow dancin' is how you git feelins'.\"
I didn't reach for yore hand, partner. I had a grip on it, same as how I clutched that derriere.
Y'all got to go visit them schools. You gotta figure out what's really goin' on down there if y'all wanna bring about some lasting improvement.
Wow! Lilacs and champagne at Metro, one' of the best shows I've seen. Jazz metal, ya say? And we still got them Grails to go.
Sombody oughta put up a video of a cat actin' all day long, filmed through a go-pro cam strapped on the cat. They'd prob'ly turn into an internet star.
Y'all don't give a hoot 'bout it, but if y'all is Icona Pop, then heck yes, y'all love it!
I'm just dyin' to get me own store open. My boyfriend's comin' home soon and we're gonna make it big together.
Man, it's hotter'n hell out here! I reckon that's why I usually just wait in my car when I'm just a stone's throw away from the bus stop.
I were told way back by your pals! Shakin' me head. Yessiree, change a-comin'! You actin' nutty 'cause you're feelin' emotional. Shakin' my head. No sir, who does that?
Who'd wanna buy the tape of Rocko runnin' and Guwop kickin' him in the butt. With my shoes on, hehe. I want two hundred fifty thousand dollars. I'm laughin' so hard.
Then I hooked up with them Jazz boys, Bear and Larry, and we won us all them chips you can get. Man, I was something back then. What's this here Facebook thingamajig?
That tilapia looked somethin' fierce and I was plumb starved. Lawd, you really do need to take it easy now.
Y'all do know that some guys been doin' this cuffing season thing for ten years straight is all messed up, ain't it.
Maybe I'm misunderstandin' Cuffing season though. Maybe it's s'posed to be like a revolvin' door.
It all depends on how we cross paths. Truth is, I don't give much thought to the things that most folks seem to care about. So it might come across as me bein' real laid-back.
It's plumb crazy how near-about everybody does it, but they go on and on braggin' 'bout how tall they are, even though most folks do it, around ninety percent of 'em.
Every body back then was showin' somethin' to a gal. She passed it on to her new beau. You ain't gettin' nothin' from them lessons.
I don't reckon Ye's gay. I figgers he's jus' an immature little fella with talent.
Now tell the truth, you one of them gals that does like a fella actin' all that passive and let that happen to 'em?
Sheem, I'm real sorry but I'm taller than six feet and never had to leap through hoops. All I do is dunk alley oops.
I can't stand ya pretentious white-actin' college grad African Americans. Why in tarnation you gotta boast 'bout it? Damn, where's my diploma at?
So this here Church lady asks me on the train if I goes to them strip joints. I had just moved myself to another seat from her.
I don't reckon how it come about. But heroin's back and stronger than ever in Chicago.
Y'all without no job experience, thinkin' y'all gonna make six figures right outta school? Well, I'll tell ya, that's a big ol' heap of nonsense! So who was it that sold y'all all them fancy dreams?
Ridin' your girl on the handlebars on your way to a date looks plumb dumb. Ain't could get a hold of them pictures in time.
Package Bossman... I reckon that was back in the 90s, he was hangin' out at the skatin' rinks in St. Louis and ESTL, hahaha.
Y'all better not be handing OVER A PENNY to some old fella with gray hair, sittin' by the side of the road with buckets!
If y'all are searchin' for a real good deal on a furnace installer, give me a holler. I got some contact info if ya need it.
I'm gonna go on an' have a chat with that there person what works at Lowes, as soon as I've finished up with my obligations.
Man, it's been a while since I put on a pair of them old Wheat/Brown Timberland boots. I sure do love me some of them, and it's nice to see 'em makin' a comeback again.
I reckon 2014 is gonna be the year of the Mistress, seein' as how women seem to be celebratin' Olivia Pope something fierce.
That there show was somethin' else tonight, ain't it? I was wonderin', could you be sendin' them thar furniture back with Dr. Phil? These here ottomans...
Hee-hee, I's twenty-three year old, so it ain't against the rules for us to say it. I recalls Kemba Walker hollerin' it out after that UCONN championship win. It took me by surprise.
I jus' find mahself drawn to them rough and tumble fella. I loves me a man, but I still knows how to take care of my ol' gal.
They ain't really hankerin' after us. They be sayin' they want to be with us, but they don't wanna be with us.
Man, you oughta told me 'bout that class of yours, *laughin' out loud*. *laughin' out loud* I reckon I shoulda given ya that 101class of yours.
"I can't stand nothin' 'bout movin'. It's a real pain in the butt. But hey, it won't last forever."
109's real tough. "Yessiree, Lord. How in tarnation do you get up there so quick?" I'm plumb addicted now and can't seem to break free.
If y'all know that you're more than this here new gal he's seein', then go right on ahead and tell him now 'fore he misses ya when ya gone.
What grabbed my attention is the exact same thing that makes me switch my thinking around.
Ain't got much longer 'fore I get mah hair cut. I sure do need that contact. Now, I'm fixin' to need you to meet me at your dorm. I got somethin' important to ask ya. Alright, alright.
I've been down in them rough neighborhood parts of town collectin' this here money up! Ain't none of y'all still hangin' round "Bmore" and them favoritetwins of mine, are ya?
I got all this here faith in a person. But the truth is, they ain't never gonna change! I'm not gonna be wastin' my time on it.
I'm in a pickle here, my phone keeps shutting itself off and I sure could use some guidance on how to get it fixed. Could ya lend a hand, please?
Just so you know, if you're ever havin' an orgy with a gal and there's other fellas there, don't never be the fella gettin' head from the gal. 'Cause the head is gonna be of poor quality 'cause the gal is gonna be gettin' it on with [someone].
So you're tellin' me that actin' like a Southern gentleman and bein' the man mama raised me to be, I paid for that there womanly affection?
I jus' finished watchin' Sleepy Hollow. It's scairt and funny all in one. Kinda feels like you're ridin' a rollercoaster.
Why in the world can he make me so dang mad and then make me feel all lovey-dovey towards him again? Folks call that kind of thing an emotional roller coaster, I reckon. Can't hardly believe it myself.
I'm real pleased for them Jets. They's gonna need every bit of help they can find this here season.
Why do them Republican folk always hankerin' to close down the government? They're just grumblin' and can't abide by failure. The ACA, it's real purty for a heap of folks and their money.
Today was real purty good. I's mighty pleased as punch to be alive and in good health. I's sure right grateful fer all them many things he's done for me!
My little girl washed the dishes for some money. Once she got her pay, she said, "I'm rollin' in dough and I'm gettin' more!"
If you can't pay for puttin' a full tank of gas in your vehicle at least once every two weeks, then don't go buy no big ol' SUV.
I'm near done cookin' on the grill here, but once that's finished, I'm gonna unwind with my wife and my little girl. We're gonna sit back and watch my girls.
For instance, you might come across some code words they use when speakin' to their man, or how they keep your identity hidden.
Man, if I got me some roomies, I'd see to it that my bedroom business sounded just like a murder scene goin' down. Ain't got no time for bein' respectful. You're gonna hear some loud ruckus comin' from my place.
I do believe I'd like to be on that there show. Now, I'm plumb crazy 'bout Marvel, and I reckon I'm one of the biggest ol' nerds hailin' from Indianapolis.
The only folks I owe any loyalty to is them folk never made me doubt their loyalty to me.
I got me three kiddos an' I swore to 'em we wouldn't be livin' in this old place forever. But the truth is, I'd rather just up and leave this world myself. I don't want to have to go back on my promises.
Take me for what I'm worth, if ya don't like it, suck my dick. Well, dang.
Them Vegas tales is sure wild 'n' out! She claimed she was dippin' chickenfingers in ranch butterball, bare-assed naked.
Well I guess that Sneaker Con wasn't so bad. Y'all oughta check out Look Lounge tonight instead.
I'm fixin' to be receivin' a heap of lovin' this here week. See, them Government folks ain't got no jobs. I feels just like an eighteen year old on Fall Break!
Ain't I actin' none too nutty here? I'm jus' gonna set back, put mah feet up on the coffee table, an' rest mah hands behind mah head. I'm gonna watch this unfold an' see where it goes.
My li'l freestyle. You ain't no great rapper, but I ain't tellin'. You just made that man's hair look better than your gals.
Oh dear! I ain't goin' tomorrow 'cause I gots to go see the eye doctor. He acts real funny, like Carlton.
He was rappin' his heart out, an' when he got home, ev'ry one of his things was sittin' on the porch.
Some of the ugliest mamas or pappas I've ever laid eyes on in this here life was real light-skinned. So y'all just hush now with all that "light-skinned folks is ugly" nonsense.
You wanna get yourself blocked? Go ahead and reply to my Tweet with some mixtape, tune, or video. I'll be hoppin' through this here screen to give you what for!
Alright, next time I head to a meetin', I'm gonna give that there black fella a bottle of lotion.
Parents wanted to see my Twitter. I told 'em sure thing, give me just a minute here. I logged outta Twitter and deleted the application.
I's laughin'; I've been tryin' fer 'bout three months to get him to see it, but he neva noticed it. So I jus' quit tryin'.
Meek Mill raps like he jus' run from the law, an' he's tellin' 'bout what jus' went down. Ain't that somethin' funny?
Meek Mill raps like sombody gobbled up his unfinned food in the fridge but they's all claimin' they didn't do it.
Meek Mill rap like sombody keep interruptin' him right smack dab in the middle of his sentence. I's laughin' so doggone hard.
Hey y'all, I reckon most of you all heard that "Pop Don't Stop" tune by Frenchy Montana. What y'all cuttin' a rug to now?
Well, I guess you can just disregard me and stick with the same crowd. I'll save myself the trouble.
I hopes tomorrow gon' get here in a hurry. I can't hardly eat or drink nothin' after midnight, it's gonna kill me.
I'm jus' ponderin' why in the world you got yourself a Kentucky blue bicycle. Y'all didn't have no red one, neither. That's plumb hilarious.
I jus' lost me some respect fer Dicky V. Callin' Arian Foster a prositute? A real poor choice uh words, Vitale.
I ain't real sure if he's lightin' up a cigarette or somethin'. He swore up and down that he wasn't, but crack don't care none about who's usin' it. Folks have seen the consequences of it for years on end.
Yeah, it's real heart-breakin', an' it's even more sad when I see folks who used to peddle that very same stuff huffin' on it, friend. I guess we all make mistakes sometimes.
I'm ponderin', what in tarnation am I doin'? What path I needs to follow. Lordy, I's ready for Him to unveil some secrets to me.
I never asked seven 'bout it. I reckon she weren't intersted, but I texted nine an' she might hafta work. She travels around a heap.
Good mornin'. Now, it's way too early for me to be dealin' with your business. I'm a full-grown man and I don't feel like dealin' with all this immaturity. So, in that regard, I would kindly ask you to please stop.
I reckon I'm fixin' to get me the flu. I sure hope I don't wind up in nobody's emergency room.
I swear, all I been doin's work, work, work. I'd give my left arm for one good ol' Saturday off.
I reckon, you go tryin' to mess with any fella's woman, but if a fella pays too much mind to your woman's status updates, you get riled up.
I ain't got nothin' against Alabama or Nick Saban. I can depend on Saban. He's the sorta coach who'd say \"alrighty then, let's just go out there and play ball, don't you worry 'bout nothin' else\"
I don't give a darn 'bout what no woman or man thinks, and I'm done with all that hogwash talkin'. Your breath reeks something fierce.
Yesterday, I reckon I would've seen two boxes, but two days ago, I seen the two-eyed one raisin' the stakes on my game.
I sure do need me a real power combo in my life! Pay attention to them bands that get your feet movin'!
I do love ya, but if this here funny business takes home the Oscar, you'll be right grateful to me. Cause you knows, the quirkier the film, the more it's liable to win that prestigious award.
I neber did care fer Gucci. Now ev'rybody can see the "Royal Flop Ness Monster"! He's bin awful, it shouddn't a took his downfall for it to be knowed.
I missed out on my entire first break cause this lady was in here sharpenin' pencils like it was her job.
I do miss me and my boyfriend sittin' together, havin' us some good ol' fun without all them arguings. These moments right here is what I hold dearest.
Then I headed on over to my buddy's place. I brought me some brews. I'm fixin' to drink 'em all down till I pass out cold.
When I got to L.A., there were eight solid blocks of homeless folks, and Beverly Hills was just a block or two over... My head was shakin'.
My hair's something else, real bogus it is. The gym wore it down good. Sweat just beat the living daylights out of it.
I'm fixin' to do somethin' real big for Hip Hop in the year of twenty fourteen. Just keep in mind, "Day of Destruction, Game Over."
I reckon I hit the one-year mark of bein' sober on September 3rd. Come October 6th, I'll be payin' it forward... Keep an ear out for more info. I know what it's like to fight that battle.
A whole lotta them rapper folk from back in the day ain't exactly savory. I could be mentionin' some names, but why should I be givin' 'em no more notoriety than they already got? They is plain foolish.
I can't stand it when a gal texts me and asks me when I'm gonna come visit her, and I tell her, "You tell me," and she says, "I don't know." Gal, why the hell did you text me? Lady, damn, my whole day is shot.
I can't believe it when a gal who works in the ol' pleasure business is tryin' to juggle a man's job and the relationship and her own job all at once. That's real funny, but no, that woman's man's actin' mighty suspicious.
It's plumb nuts how some folks go around sayin' they had some real good lovin', but just two weeks later, after bangin' that friend, "Yeah, she's a harlot. Don't be kissin' her 'cause she's a harlot."
Women are sayin' they got their man holdin' down the fort, but as soon as he's gone, they're jumpin' on anything in sight for some action. We sees ya all.
I went to bed at ten, now I'm wide awake, but I'm fixin' to make myself go back to sleep.
Alrighty then, I'm gonna go about it today. Now, do I hafta use it first 'fore I fix up mah hair, or can I put it on now?
That there show fits right in with what you was talkin' 'bout with another gal at some other restaurant or park. I'll tell ya, it's somethin' else!
"World War Z" was a real good one. I didn't figure it'd end the way it did, but it's sure got me pumped up for "The Walking Dead".
I sure do need me a vacay. I ain't been to the beach none at all this summah. Lordy, what the hell
Misa's always been the laid-back one. She's always way ahead of her self. She came up with that "Ghetto Fabulous" thing, says Steco Don from Diva Magazine.
Yessiree! That there's a powerful touchin' song, it sets my hair on end ev'ry time I hears it. I knows big brother's smilin' down on you, Rest in Peace, Mel.
Those gals ain't got no manners and they knows it. They is real weak and they don't even comprehend that they is wreckin' their own lives. I knew right where we was gonna locate 'em.
This here post. I heared tell of two little ones livin' it up, "you only live once," style at "Electric Zoo." Y'all better act like Black Star, Bran Nubian.
Dang it, what in tarnation, that's ticklin' my funny bone. "S'pose you're doin' the nasty in the house of God. Well, then, you don't need no rubber, 'cause you're already covered by that holy blood."
Don't treat us short people unfairly. Folks shorter than 5'5'' are sneaky, gotta watch 'em close when they're near me.
I'm playin' that fantasy footbal' with my work-folks. I got the Raven's defense squad and Ray Rice on my team. I'm rackin' up them points, yessiree!
I was at the doctor's or gym when they pulled down them towers, and my principal come on over the intercom and gave a talk about terrorism.
I'll be at the gym workin' on mah self, man... Once everything's been settled, Twitter and Insta'll just hafta let me grow and shine in my bare skin.
I had a chat with my pupil 'bout Grand Theft Auto V, an' let me tell ya, his account of how he engages with that game has sure got me hankerin' to give it a spin.
I jus' read the funniest way them described Chief Keef. "Keef, he got a mop top fulla noodlin' dreadlocks that hang past his eyes, all shaggy-dog style."
That's a hoot; them Bears fans was givin' it to Tony D on Twitter, sayin', "Man, git your thoughts straight and have faith."
So, how many y'all highfalutin' gents are gonna shift your stance 'bout Yeezus right here, huh?
I hope it's just the poor quality what made me doubt, but he really oughta held off till next year. That one was something else
European wine got a different taste to it. I spent near about a month an' a half over yonder, drinkin' every day, pickin' at random, an' never had me a bottle that tasted awful.
It totally took me by surprise and left me stumblin' when I thought I had my preferences all figured out.
This here CD do the straight chillin'. Settin' back in easy mode. Truth be told, you hit the nail on the head with this one. I'm all about what's real, and that's why I lovekmichelle.
R.I.P., Antonio, I sure do miss ya. That there's some real nuts how you up and left us so sudden, save me a seat.
Showin' off for Twitter. That business is so outdated, man you is gonna be feelin' somethin' kinda funny when I tell ya "I'm done with your silly self!"
I know it, them folks go 'head an' take that three million dollar deal. But they can't seem to agree on what to do with them five hundred thousand dollars they got left over.
What if I told you I loves you something fierce, but I've got me other fellas too? And when I ain't with you, I'm with them? That's the way it is with my MOVES.
Sittin' here goin' through them old direct messages and whatnot on Twitter. Reminiscing, I thought to myself; "Lawd, I was a wild one, hehe" back then.
My favored tunes from Dreamgirls be: "Move", "We Are A Family", "I'm Been Changin'", "Patience", and "Dreamgirls"
I do wish I had me some more hands, so I could go and give all these here football posts a good ol' "thumbs down" instead of just a few.
What in tarnation? ... I can't abide the stench of spray tan...This hooey needs to be scrapped.
I'm blessed not havin' to reside therе, I'd only visit 'cause it's the folks I know thar.
I wanna get me a "Sew In" right now, so I can flip and swerve. Hahaha, I'm funnier'n a barrel of monkeys.
I'm headin' over to "Schnuck's" to pick up every single flavor of the 32 ounce Power-Aid containers. Two for a dollar, haha, go ahead and judge me, but I reckon you might wanna have one yourself.
Feel what I'm sayin', but this here chocolaty cupcake is fixin' to put a grin on my face. I'm just kiddin'. Judge me all you want.
Dang it, buddy, don't go spoutin' any dumb stuff at me. You're the one lookin' foolish. I'm just shakin' my head. I can't even find peace in this here world. I'm just laughin'.
I can't believe the Bravo network didn't cover up that finger when he gave Madison the bird in that there picture.
Make sure you bring it over to my place in the daytime, so I'll be the lone one there.
Some of y'all might not read this, but my dream is to make it to the pro leagues, and maybe with me livestreamin' it, it should help.
Statistics say that near about 99 outta every 100 fellas who text back "alright" or "okay" gets friendzoned by a gal.
Why in tarnation does my last work day before my vacay hafta be so dang stressful? Lawd, I'm gonna need me a powerful massage after this here day.
Confession Thursdays: If your behind had a hundred dollar bill on it, could I hand you some change to go along with it? I'm just tickled.
Man, hold up, shoot a private message to somethin' that don't rattle ya. That business causes gray hairs and wrinkles.
I's headin' to Charlotte for one whole day, it's gonna be Saturday. But I'll be back here tonight. I reckon I better find me somethin' to do.
Aww, look at me, tryin' to stay loyal as all get out, but the fellas just keep hittin' on me!
Music sets off your brain's frontal lobe, extending your focus and enhancin' your capacity to comprehend. Ain't that the truth 'bout some folks?
I needs me a big ol' bottle of Patron and a sack of limes, and I'll be good to go.
At times, a person might not realize they got something good goin' for 'em, even if it smacks 'em right in the kisser.
Miley Cyrus is workin' real hard to get herself that there black card, and that little somethin' from Jay-Z gave her self-confidence a big ol' lift.
Some folks in this here world just can't stand others for no good reason at all. That's why I always say, "fuck 'em"
I can't stand it when my pals stay over - I'd rather go without shut-eye, than date them big ol' folks that never seem to quit snorin'.
Alrighty then, I've had about enough of this here Jay Z... Now lemme give this new Juicy J tune a spin, real quick-like.
If Zimmerman gets off, colored folks is gonna be pissed for two days then forget all about it. Ain't no real civil rights activists around here though.
I ain't gonna let the past keep on repeatin'... yuck, the junk I gots to deal with.
I don't give a hoot 'bout nothin' but me an' mah money. We ain't never gonna split up. We's a team. No one's ever gonna come between us.
Then they're tryin' to make you stick around, the same goes for the kids, but they fib about that.
Pitt's defense ain't worth a lick. I ain't takin' nothin' away from Winston, but dang it, I reckon I could probably put on their defense.
...and about as useless as tits on a boar hog, except for Leroy. You can tell that he's a rough and tumble fella, even CT don't wanna mess with him.
Two sticks, no more than three if you're bein' real good. I'll be carryin' all the money and credit cards for both of us... hehe.
Y'all are tryin' to get yourselves drunk, but none of y'all are sharin' with nobody else. The way it goes is «blow, blow, give someone some and get high»
This here's sure frustratin'. I'd really like to make it to my best friend's funeral, but I just can't seem to find a way. Well, sleep tight. I'll be seein' ya soon or later. Rest in peace to your best friend.
Pointin' the finger at others as opposed to lookin' at your own reflection ain't exactly healthy... everybody else bein' wrong instead of yourself.
I was real pleased as punch seein' you an' your purty self just lookin' mighty fine and all. #saturdayromance
Chris Tucker might be under the influence of somethin', 'cause I tell ya, there ain't no way he can still be makin' folks laugh all these years. He's got some quirks.
Can't us all jus' get along? There's plenty of space fer everybody. I keeps to mahself an' I minds mah own business. So why they still frettin'? It neva ends.
My li'l vacay was sure needed! Ain't my mind been runnin' as much...but now it's back to becomin' a real handful again.
But the truth is, if I come across the individual what brought Svedka to my house, I'll give 'em the boot.
Leave me the hell alone. That's what you better do. Funerals got to stay on schedule. I don't even care 'bout them charges if they ain't federal!
I sure do need me a generous ol' man by my side! He treats ya right, that's for sure! That's the rumor anyways... Damn!
I don't understand why you'd be hollerin' for your life when you've got a gun and the other fella ain't... that just don't add up in my book.
I'd reckon CBS would try real hard to fire this here racist gal named Aaryn.
The best part 'bout it is that her and her sister got the same baby's daddy and don't even know it!
Ain't nothin' more disappoin' than feelin' like you gotta go to the bathroom. Rushin' to the bathroom. Sittin' down and coverin' the seat, only for nothin' but gas to come out.
All them folks what worked for Secuitas have been let go from CTA. Where's these good ol' hardworkin' folks gonna end up workin' now? Hee hee hee.
To have a fella with a car an' all, but still be sittin' on Broad Street, you must not be doin' right by that car ride.
I ain't too certain 'bout that storyline headin' that way, but who knows? That there show always got some surprises with twists and turns.
Folks without no accountability or nothin' to lose'll drag you down an' try to do it every chance they gets.
Now listen here, folks can't be playin' basketball neither. And them tech-folks, they're real socially awkward. I've come to terms with both of those stereotypes, even if they don't apply to little ol' me.
Most folks won't never know just how much commotion my buddy and I go through. My friend is straight, and I ain't kiddin' or jokin'. For real, for real.
I've been told that ladies believe a threesome is 2 gals and 1 guy, but never mind, I get it now.
I sure do miss them old school defenses from around the year 2000. It'd be real pleasant to see 'em once more.
Relationships ends 'cause once they got ya, they quit doin' what they did to get ya in the first place. That's right!
I reckon I'm fixin' to head out and get me a 2-fer-one deal for $20, comes with an appetizer all for myself. I'm hankerin' for it.
ya'll ever seen a guy in a vehicle, and your initial thought be like, "I sure hope that's his kid's mama's car"? Right? Never mind.
Sustainability's real purty! Ain't no trend, but a livin' for them what's got class.
I'm all set to chow down. I reckon that, while I'm out scourin' for folks who wanna be models for my schoolwork.
If you're gonna be my gal, you oughta know, I'll always stand by ya! If some gal's givin' you trouble, I'll come defend ya and put 'em in their rightful place.
I'm laughin' mah butt off! One of these days, I'm gonna give Jordan such a burnin'...he's gonna let me slide with it...one of these days.
Howdy, I'm Dejhanae Love 101. It's a real hoot to be tweatin' and such. Much obliged for all of this here from Dejhanae Love 101.
Every time I gets me some Chinese food, I likes the first five bites but then I wants to toss the rest away.
An' them folks what say, "Ain't nobody gonna tell me when that mess is gonna blow over so I can go back to crackin' jokes and bullshittin'," is really gettin' on my last nerve.
Don't ask me to come on over to your place if y'all ain't got no air conditionin'. I mean it, I'll be lettin' ya down every single time.
ROFL, ROFL you're actin' real foolish now, you better go pick out some of them new hairs of yours.
Jus' finished mah shift. The fella what gives me them cheap Budweisers called, claimin' he got some free beer. Ain't been drinkin' that rotgut lately butYou can't turn down somethin' that's free! Laugh out loud!
That's jus' my due date. Ain't but 4% of womens havin' their babes on the actual due date. I's jus' ready for him to be out an' all.
Confession Thursdays: I takes a likin' to some sexy ankles and I can't fib. If y'all got ugly ones, please don't come knockin'. I'm just over here laughin' my fool head off. This here's from a song playin' in mine.
The World of Tanks Xbox 360 Beta is real enjoyable, but it's been mighty straightforward so far. I sure hope this is just for the beta and things'll get more complex later on.
If you got yourself some talent, you'll never be out of a job in my book...or maybe I'm reachin' a bit with that supply and demand theory?
Exactle what I'm sayin'!!! GZ himself stated on that 911 call "he's booked it now". TM was all scared and runnin' from GZ. Furthermore, GM declared -
These younguns is pickin' up on my feelings, I reckon I gotta figure out a way to change things around here.
I feels like I'm not livin' without mah phone, but I finally got me some tunes, so I's learnin' to manage mah time without it.
I'm tellin' myself, "dang, where my buddies be, huh? It's just me. Can't nobody keep a good ol' boy like me down."
All of a sudden, I'm hankerin' for some chili cheese fries after seein' a pic of 'em on Facebook.
If I give y'all a call on the phone, why ain't y'all answerin', but textin' instead? Y'all sayin' "laughin' like shit" - I's laughin'. They's just too busy.
I jus' fooled Deb into givin' me her charger. Told her I was comin' back up here in this place today. Hee-haw! That's a good one!
Kaman ain't able to guard the hoop none, they oughta try to find a younger fella who's all focused on playin' defense.
I can hear him way back yonder talkin', and it jus' made me break out in one them big ol' Kool-Aid grins.
I got another whole new 3 bedder house, just waitin' for ya. Section 8 is all set up - give me a holler if you're keen.
7venCity LIVE 4th of July Hookah Bash, Midnight Kings, 318 N. Charles St. Powered by X105.1 Radio.Ladies is free before 11:00 PM.
This here juror is makin' me mad. She's plain as day showin' sympathy for them ignorant beliefs that all black folks look "suspicious."
If sombody's always tryin' to make ya feel bad, what's that all about? I ain't sure if they're jelly or envyin'. I don't go around actin' high and mighty, nor am I a simpleton.
What in tarnation is goin' on with Mia? Is she plum stupid? I gotta figure that out on the show right quick.
I'd be reckonin', y'all know how you go about carryin' yourselves. So, thank y'all for lookin' out. But if y'all just want to make it yourself, then go right ahead.
If you mess with me in a bad way, and disrupt my groove, I'll knock the mama-jama snow right off your frosted tip, y'all. Dang, it sure is stinky in here.
I wanna know what's happenin' in the world, but all them news folks can talk about is this here baby. Quit your carryin' on 'bout it already.
I'm laughin' so hard I could pee my pants! But I'm goin' through a dry spell, so the next black person I have sex with is gonna stick by me, monogamous-like, 'cause I ain't agreein' with this drought-style livin'.
I'm tired of all this highfalutin' designer jabber on my feed.... You're gonna buy that junk from some crackhead sellin' it on the corner. It's no good, it's been voided.
It ain't America's job to stick their nose in other nations' civil wars. Obama needs to take it easy and cool down.
Yessiree, I knows So Jalen was hoppin' on that line too. I sure hopes they didn't give you any ol' thing for too long. I reckon they did, though. You know how they did it for Jewanna.
Any Offensive Coach that calls a runnin' play straight down the middle on third and a long distance, shouldn't be coachin' footbal.
On my way to see the doctor, I'm hopin' I got some good news coming my way. Can't take much more of them bad news.
I didn't do much agin for my birthday, it's nuts. Everythang I wanna do involves friends who can't help me out or join in, but, Fuck all y'all, I'll be alright.
The important thing is that a hundred dollars is a big deal to many folks, and plenty of 'em don't take kindly to an Xbox Kinect or want it at all.
Where's the farmers market at Como? I gotta have me some fresh veggies in my business. Ain't nobody got time for that.
Good mornin'. The Lord's plan for your life is greater than the happenings of this here day. May you be blessit'.
Man, I recollect my buddy sneaked into an old house when some druggies was havin' a [get together? party?] there.
Folks usin' the straps on them trains in New Haven ain't got no manners nor respect. Nobody's offerin' a seat to a pregnant lady neither! Ain't that some bullshit?
Folks keep sayin' they hanker to work, and they's claimin' they require jobs. But when you call 'em 'bout a job, they don't take it. That's plumb foolish.
I's sure am awake now from my siesta. Guess I'll go on over and spend some time with my mama, until it's time for me to turn up with my gal pals.
I reckon I'd eat me some yellow yonder. I believe I'd name her Honey Mustard. Lord have mercy on us, that wild LilWayne is something else, crazier than a wet hen.
I gave it a shot, and it ain't been the most straightforward thing I ever did, but I come to find out that it don't always have to be hard. So, I'm all geared up for the challenge now.
I reckon I'ma go through them clothes of mine once more on Friday and see what I can pawn off. I's runnin' outta room here.
If you loves you a woman, jus' go 'head an' git her preggers. She might not quit havin' it off with them other fellas, but at least she gon' hafta text you back.
I wanna my husband to come back with the laundry, finish up washin', and clean this here house.
That makes a differance. If y'all think I like to throw down moolah to take y'all out "just 'cause", I'd need me some backstory.
Y'all think them brothers of mine in the basketball world would give up a four year, ten and a half million dollar contract, guaranteed to play overseas, for just a one year, one million dollar contract in the NBA?
Hey buddy, you still fixin' to be all scrambled up next year? Guess you got some scheme cookin'.
Black folk gotta pay somethin' to get in and them drink prices is real high. The price to get in keeps goin' up every five minutes.
Everywheres got 'em on pre-order. I've been tryin' to git some for the last month or two.
That there's plum funny. Folks is sayin' that Chief Keef and GBE was still hangin' out at them BET awards, right there by them metal detectors.
I see how they do it down in the D: they give you lobster ravioli, then they send you off to stay with grandma. Well, GrandmaJoyce, I'm headin' there now.
At the close of the day, a fella is still a fella. If ya hassle me, I'll give ya a piece of my mind at the close of the day.
Hold up, y'all can't go on account of them ticket prices bein' too high 'cause they're settin' at around $500 just now.
Hey, I'm mad at ya for bringin' me to this here show, and there's only one season! You know I go through a lot of TV like a crackhead goes through insurance money.
In this here land, we're mighty foolish when it comes to our justice system and morals! Seems like we care more 'bout some blamed animals than we do 'bout human beings!
I can't stand it when she goes "Oh" when I tell her I love her, you know? What kind of person does that?
Black folk'd give Drake to white folk if it'd make white gals quit sayin' \"yolo\". White folks replyin' with \"H.Y.F.R\" is just plain wrong.
Shore thing, an' usually I don't, but that's what's gettin' on my nerves more, I reckon... an' that's all. I do appreciate it, my man.
I knows them folks, man, PLEASE don't act all showy or diva-like to the remix.
"It's just allowed me to be all kinds of awesome at all times. It's just led me to the truth and awesomeness that's all around."
No, I ain't got nothin', but I reckon I'm a-gonna go check out that there show "The Killing" on Netflix next. What's that Donovan show 'bout?
That's a hoot! Thanks anyways. Now, truth be told, you ain't quite prepared for it if I was to pull a fast one on you. That fella's gonna be mighty puzzled.
You're speakin' to the right crowd, partner. I once had me a good time in a Chevy Corsica. That there's a hoot.
Jus' got back in ta South Carolina. Ain't nothin' going on an' I'm tryin' ter figure it out. Y'all got any idears?
Y'all can have it gratis... Nobody's handed over no moolah for that there album yet... Links to it got posted that very night, and I gave it a spin just before.
But hold on now, I'm wide awake. My phone's really hoppin' about somethin'. The folks I chat with most days, they're the ones when I'm snoozin' and at work.
Drake ain't tellin' no truth. He's just too darn emo to quit makin' new pals. It's all good, I'm here to lend an ear. Send me a message with whatever's gotcha feelin' down. The church doors is now open.
Bein' GAY is the only sin folks seem to care 'bout. Swearin'? Sin. Doin' the deed before gettin' hitched? Sin. Sins is sins, y'all. Y'all is too quick to judge. That's also a sin.
I's mighty thankful that God's talkin' and I's listenin'. Ministry's inside me and I gotta do somethin' about it.
I'm plum tuckered out from all this bullshit, man. I'm hit the road. I'm leavin'. That shit ain't worth it. She wants me gone anyways, man. Damn. Haha. Ain't none of her business gonna make me give a damn.
A little sip of this here wine got me feelin' somethin' fierce! Lord have mercy, I'm plum mad at this here bar for not bein' open, and they was real good, too. Yes indeedy.
I jus' put mah hand up next to this here man's muscles at the gym.... They's about the size of mah hand.
I've been workin' mah heart out tryin' to make him somethin'. But it's a mystery what he'll do for that there paper. This here song might be dumb but it sure does sound good.
I got a whole lotta respect fer Rachel Jeantel on that there show. She speaks the truth, plain and simple.
I slept real good for four hours, but now I'm as wide awake as a rooster. Bein' an insomniac ain't no picnic. I'm just shakin' me head.
They're the finest boy band I ever did hear! Makes this old heart of mine feel mighty good too! Y'all are just the cat's pajamas! Love y'all to pieces.
Hey Nuddy, I do miss ya. You told me to come on over and chat with ya tomorrow, but you've been MIA for a bit. I've just been takin' it easy. I'll be seein' ya tomorrow as planned.
Folks is always puttin' hip hop into old school or new school. Hogwash! Those classifications is either good or bad. Come on now and open your eyes.
Folks sometimes say "that's funny" when they mean to let you know that they picked up on your attempt to be humorous, but they don't necessarily want to hurt your feelings by telling you outright that they didn't find it funny at all.
Dorian is the real deal when it comes to bein' an African American. He's had to sleep on the streets twice, livin' on his girlfriend's couch, and he's got two girlfriends.
I sees you're singin' 'bout them 90's tunes on my Facebook page...you wanna give a listen to a mix of 90's R&B tunes?
I got mah outfit picked out fer tomorrah. Y'all can find me at the beach, partner, not givin' no thought to hurtin' nobody's feelin's.
Bobby Brown made the whole room uncomfortable for about five seconds. Addictions is somethin' terrible.
I've lost a whole bunch of folks in my life. I might miss 'em every now and then, but it's all part of God's big scheme.
Sorry 'bout that, but he's one of them honest folks in Chicago. I got ev'rythang he made sittin' here, waitin' on his music.
I was at mah job and Josh suddenly jumps up and says he gotta go to the bathroom. Mister David answered with, "Do everthang right."
It's the first of the month and rent's got to be paid. If y'all ain't got nothin' on the table, don't you fret 'bout bein' a dog catcher.
After I heared that booty bandit did his business on Facebook, I got real smitten with the sound of his voice.
Next thing you know, he's headin' back to his desk. I went over and hollered \"cut out all that carryin' on in front of folks\". He then stomped on my shoe and I gave him a good ol' whack back!
I'm all confused now whenever I hop online...with them emojis and fresh new slang and whatnot. The world's movin' way too fast for little ol' Kim's kid now.
I swear to goodness, I didn't think Jay-Z was a-comin' to Birmingham none at all. Until this mornin', every place except Birmingham wasn't showin'. But now it's right there on Ticketmaster.
I sure do wish he'd get a move on, so I can hit the hay. It's been three whole days since I've been in his embrace, now you know I'm antsy.
Which one's more impressive, a team that wins against a whole lotta weak teams and makes it to the final game or a team that beats 7 outta the top 25 teams?
Singin' karaoke with Reggie Kelly, on the Saturday, 27th of July. Limelight Inn, located at 408 Ingleside Avenue, in Catonsville, Maryland. They got good grub and drink deals there, along with an excellent sound system.
Have you ever seen somethin' 'bout somebody that made 'em seem funny lookin', but also sexually attractive all at once? Or is that just me?
I reckon it's hilarious how he goes about defendin'. The last fella he was tryin' to protect made him seem real foolish.
It's nuts, some black folk I was shackin' up with when I was flat broke, are the ones callin' me funny now. We was all gonna chow down on some barbecue, but...
What in tarnation's goin' on here? Somebody busted into my house. Took my lawn mower, too. Yessiree, they done took it twice.
Folks in Tennessee are blowin' their horns 'bout their recruitin' class, but National Signin' Day ain't even happened yet next year. Decommitments is gonna reach a new record high.
I hopes he gon' say agin that his toes looks purty, 'cause he hurts my feelin's when he says that.
I swear to God, I do love the heck outta my girlfriend! That's my sweet baby, not yours, not theirs. She is all mine.
She goes on about how I just sit around all day long, but then when I try to do something, she grumbles that I'm always trying to do something.
Yessiree, them endings is something else, can't wait to find out what's gonna go down in the next epizode.
I reckon I liked Ciara's show just as much as you did, but that's pretty much all there was to it for me. The others wasn't too shabby neither. Wish ASAP Rocky and some other folks had been there performin', I suppose.
See my life, it's like a teeter-totter. But as long as I don't leave this place, that weight's gonna keep me pinned down. Come journey with me through my deep reflections!
I had a real quick chat with him this mornin'. He told me he'd give me a call back, but he ain't called yet.
George Zimmerman got himself stopped by the law 'cause he was goin' too fast, now in Texas today. And let me tell ya, he had him a gun in that car of his.
If I weren't stuck in this here apartment, I'd go with ya. I've been tryin' to make that move for two weeks now.
You's a mama that adores her kiddos real somethin' fierce, but ya gotta let your boy be the man in his own love business.
Florida done goofed up good with the Bush an' Gore election, Casey Anthony, an' now the Zimmerman trial. My head is shakin'.
I was up real early in the mornin', watchin' UFC on the television. But it just ain't for me, that there man looked somethin' fierce when his leg seemed to break from gettin' kicked in the face.
Hit 'em with some of these here red roses. Time stands still and I gets me some goosepimples from that there rhetoric. That's a hoot!
Most boys fixin' up a text to their girl: "I love you." *cross out* "I miss you." *cross out* "Can we talk?" *cross out* "What's goin' on?" *send*
I jus' discovered a new fella at Chipotle! He give me two hunks of beef an' didn't make me pay fer them extras.
Dang... So what in tarnation did Jalen have to do with all this, seeing as I believed he was just hollerin' and carryin' on.
This year I ain't gonna do them foolish things no more, like cuttin' class. I'm fixin' to keep my eyes on the prize and stay focused so I can get them good grades.
Mmm... Doctor Dra is purty fine! Ain't so much 'bout him bein' my type in terms of size or height, it's more 'bout that lineman build - I'm just laughin'.
Hold up there, threesome or Menage? 'Cause an offer to jump on the "run a train" bandwagon is all right by me, I reckon. But I don't believe I ever declined any Menages...
I don't ever wanna go back out yonder. There's just too many slick, dishonest folks I fool around with and try to swindle everyone. That's a real hoot. I'm outta this here town.
I thought I could get my car all cleaned up, but that there machine only takes dimes, what in tarnation is goin' on with that?
I don't reckon there's many a woman out there hankerin' to be single, so when y'all gals say, "I'm single by choice," that ain't the truth.
A fella can deceive and doctor things, makin' a gal believe She done somethin' wrong? Give it another shot.
Wow, people can really take my breath away with all that ruckus. When you got your own life to live and things to keep you busy, you just don't got the time to be worrying 'bout other folks.
Who the hell do I resemble, and I reckon my mama won't be sayin' nothin' 'bout it.
Man, folks is still actin' all emotional and such, like dang, when was that even again? I'm laughin' my butt off. But I ain't gettin' worked up. They lost that game a long time ago.
If you searched "what do white folks smell like" on Google, it'd say wet potato chips and mayo. That tickles me. I'm just sayin', that's all.
Well, that's a hoot, but there weren't none. I was talkin' 'bout what you said, not you, even though it applies to both.
A bout a month back, I received plenty of emails 'bout Viagra. I figured y'all was just jokin' and foolin' around with me.
Well, I ain't familiar with them streets where you're at, but my Chipotle's packed with yuppies and working folk havin' their lunch.
Durin' my undergrad, I didn't hafta work too hard fer mah meals. Ain't proud of it, but afore Thanksgivin' an' spring break, I used up all mah meal plan.
From what I'm hearin' from my teacher, April ain't got nothin' to do with usin' a phone.
Two of my pals is goin' at it good and actin' like they don't know no better, so I reckon we best forget 'bout both of 'em for now.
Mass appeal, but don't hold back! That there situation is real dumb. That's exactly what I'm gettin' at. Cass just keeps actin' a fool over D's blunder. Black folks, particularly WK-MZ.
It sure does baffle me somethin' fierce, how some folks can get riled up at me, all I done was ask a simple question.
Typo. That oughta said, "GZ told investigators that it weren't him hollerin' for help in the background on them 911 tapes."
I thank the good Lord every day that my parents gave me a purty name. Some of y'all might need to think 'bout changin' yours.
Alright, now lemme tell ya, I'm gonna make some improvements to this here album, right from its current state. Then, I'll hook it up to them speakers and take it on over to the studio. So, stay tuned in for my reaction.
If I had my druthers, every person I ever did or will engage with would give my music a listen just once.
Y'all have a happy Fourth of July, Team America. Don't mess up. Just keep on bein' yourselves, buddy.
She knows plumb what she wants, an' she got her thoughts all gathered up. She knows she's a real valuable woman, an' we'll be stickin' together forever.
Let's set it up for next Tuesday over at the Evergreen Applebee's in that there plaza, so we can give our respects to the plaza, as well.
Still got some spots open on da Skybox's Fantasy Football League. Join up an' get a shot at a hundred dollar Visa Gift Card. Shoot me yer email to sign up.
I don't reckon someone can truly love someone that don't love 'em back. But lemme tell ya, my self-esteem is a mite higher than that. I'd be straight up movin' on to the next gal.
Half y'all is talkin' 'bout struggle meals, but your mamas and papas was just havin' a laid-back week and didn't feel like headin' to the grocery store.
I knows ther's a name, gotta be a name for this here mess... But I just don't know what to call it! My mess.
Chip Kelly's leavin' Philly after just one year, and he's takin' the head coach gig at the University of Southern California.
They've had us sittin' around all day long for nothin' but a little ol' number. My patience is about wore out! I'm just shakin' my head and laughin'.
The S3 is real terrible. How in the world you can have a phone that take five hours to charge but only keep a charge for 45 minutes? That just don't make no sense.
Today was my first time hearin' 'bout your music at Essence, and I absolutely love your song "Best Friend"!! I can't wait for the album!
I ain't lyin', I hanker for them Threes, but I just can't afford to buy another pair of Jordans.
She's actin' real possessive and wants Joe all to herself. That relationship ain't gonna last if she keeps puttin' herself in the middle.
Since I gots to work in the mornin', I best get some rest now. Cause I'm gonna be workin' all day tomorra, an' I don't wanna be feelin' all tired.
I ain't the kind to chase after a woman something fierce, but it's like you're this itch that I just can't quite reach, but I gotta reach you somehow.
Fly to Chicago or ride in a car through Dixie, maybe even take a look at Arizona. Tough choices to make.
Women ain't lookin' for no guy who'll treat 'em right. No, ma'am! They want the fella they's with to change and start actin' right.
She ain't foolin' around with no black fellas neither, so we wouldn't have to be worryin' 'bout that, hee-haw.
Don't be lookin' at my forehead, my chest, or what's behind me. Just gaze into my eyes. It ain't that hard.
It's darn foolish how much I can't stand feet, but I just let him put his feet on me.
BOY, you means more to me than the ENTIRE WORLD. DONTAY, you're all I'VE EVER WANTED and DREAMED about. I LOVE you, boy.
I do take a likin' to Wendy, in my mind she's sorta like a big sister to me. I reckon I'd be mighty pleased to actually meet her.
I do love this here girl. Nobody can take that away from me. Tellin' her I love her is somethin' I'll always be proud to say. This girl right here, I will.
I's watchin' the Auburn and Ole Miss game from 2002 on CSS. Jason Campbell and Eli Manning was the quarterbacks.
Now let me make sure I got it right. This here person is sayin' they belong to both DST and SGRHO at the same time?
I do wish I could have a chat with all y'all 'bout her work ethic and hunger to be somethin' great.
I reckon that's right, damn this and let's both go back to our side of the bed. It's too blamed hot for that.
Mississippi State gon' be playin' on Saturday. It's time for conference games. We've been gettin' better every week. Now it's time to show it on the field.
Charlie Wilson's white gal is all outta whack in her tunin'! But I reckon he won't be respondin' to nothin'.
Ain't no way I'd get behind the wheel of a 2006 Range Rover with them monthly payments, just so I could brag about havin' a Range Rover. That's plum foolish.
If you don't let go of your self-respect when them boys come around hollerin' \"I Need me a Hot Girl,\" then we just couldn't be pals.
I don't know 'bout that, but dang it all, my mind's goin' a hundred miles an hour. That there must be some kind of sin.
This here trial's gettin' mighty racist, seeing as the judge is tryna claim that Mary Jane makes Black folks hulk mad.
Let me tell ya, it weren't all that funny, but it did have me laughin'. Folks do tend to blow things way outta proportion.
I'd like to find out what juror b37 would do if her last hour son's witness was some fella named Janteal, and they were on the phone together in his final hour.
I didn't mean to come off as rude when I asked y'all, "How much weight have you put on since high school?" But the truth is, I did mean to be a little rude for the sake of bein' funny.
Did Clarinet duets go down in Ms. Louis' class. I was playin' the drums to jam along with 'em, connectin' three of 'em together.
I sure did enjoy that little sneak peek video! Ain't it the truth, them hands down, that fella is one of the sexiest men on this here planet. Can I see some more of that video?
Howdy, Steven A. My marriage partner and I are right fond of that there show. We sets our alarm clocks for 10 o'clock mornin' here in south Florida.
You leave comments on my Insta pics, but when we run into each other in person, it's like you don't even know me. These here social networks sure do make folks act mighty strange.
The plane might be "mighty near sold out" but they's offerin' me an upgrade fer A1-15 for forty dollars.
Y'all got a few days off before hoppin' back into football. Some workouts, eatin' right, and clearin' yer mind will do ya good. Y'all deserve a break.
My boss told me I can work from home or another place. Ain't it sad I didn't know 'bout this choice three years back?
Larry Langford'd a built that himself if he weren't in the big house. He-he believed in doin' things.
Folks what was once married and been together for three year or more, they still gabbin' every now and then. But do keep in mind, if they truly can't stand the sight of each other, then that's a whole different story.
Who's Tamara, y'all? Aw, quit hatin' on Tamara's team. Show some respect, [stand up] for Tamara!
Today'd be pur-fekt for gettin' a tan by the pool. It's a real scorcher, a heat wave.
I ain't critizin' the grind, but I do reckon technology'll catch up...'cause they'll pay a fool like me to learn how to slow it down.
From what I got read here so far, it seem real nice and a heap of folks has told me it's good. I hopes you're doin' alright yerself.
If you'd a-seen what I've seen, you'd be sellin' drugs too. Now supposin' the shoe was on the other foot, how could I pass judgement on you?
I reckon I used to take a likin' to them McDonald's burgers in my college days. Double cheeseburgers with them value meals, all sorts of wild. Ain't had me one since 2009.
Look yonder at them soldiers stationed by the DMZ. They'll be settin' there for all eternity, or so it seems. But them folks is always tryin' to shove democracy down the throats of other nations.
I reckon that neighborhood's hopin' for everybody to pass on so they can stick some teddy bears outside, have a hootenanny, drink some moonshine, and light up a cigar! Ain't that a real downer?
Y'all save all y'all's comments till the very end of the book, please do. And thank you kindly. Then, send that there book on over to your Prophets. Haha, I'm jest tickled pink about that!
"I'm gonna take off my socks so she can have a peek at my toenail paint. "- Stevie
Changin' the world is gonna take a whole lotta prayin', speakin' up for human life, and stickin' to our guns when it comes to changin' our own minds and passin' it on to others.
I takes a D or E, it depends on who made them there shoes. But for me, I'm more likely to need a bigger size. Give Zappo's a try.
Why they goin' on 'bout John Cena durin' this here match. Shush now, King, and them other fellas. We don't give a hoot 'bout 'em.
Folks was sayin' that bananas gives you more pep in your step than a cup of joe! «Might as well give it a shot», I was ponderin'.
Folks is gettin' might pissed off 'cause them iPhone downloads be takin' three hours. You and everybody else is tryin' at the same damn time.
He's plum tickled that he got himself a phone. He told me "damn it, you got my number". I was like, he's plum tickled.
Well, it's Frida-y, that's all. An' 'bout that, I reckon I could use some more java. But what's this about ankle socks? Who's got 'em on?
They think I'm gonna wash them dishes if they've got me messed up good? Heck no. There's other kids doin' the dish-washin'. It ain't even my turn. Folks is nuts.
Fact is, there are times I gets a mite peeved with Usher. Seems like he dances more 'n he sings. If he's a singer, he oughta be singin'.
I knows it fer sure, ya harlot! Fact is, just lemme be an' go 'head an' do whatcha gonna do.
Aww, alright, I get what ya mean, but I got an interview at Burger King tomorrah. Shit, I sure hope I get it, I really need a job as soon as I can get one, but I quit smokin'.
I jus feels a mite altered from folks what was in the hall. All I could do was giggle.
He said, "What's three times three?" She said, "Six." Lord have mercy on us. Must've been some backwoods school she went to.
He knows how to get me real fired up. I sure do enjoy them kisses and him nibblin' on my neck and touchin' me and stuff, like a cat.
If y'all ask God to refresh your way of thinkin', He'll turn your whole life around. Much obliged for a fine sermon.
In my book, Memphis got the finest team in the Western Conference. Best defense, ask me, they play a whole different game out West.
Which team y'all figure got the best chance of gettin' another first round draft pick to swap with them Nebraska Cornhuskers?
I don't care for the first one neither. I'd prefer havin' me a Clemson wide receiver, like Corner Jess.
I'm fixin' to head out and do a client's dreads. I gotta dress right 'cause I know that whole place is gonna be blowin' and choosin'. Ain't goin' there just for the money.
I'm from Detroit, an' my boss bought us some tickets to witness them Pistons play. But them games ain't against none of them good teams like the Heat or the Spurs. So, y'all think I can get me some tickets to a better game?
BB and Saban are real tight. Now, I'm ponderin' why BB didn't recruit JesseWill and Barret J. Knees.
DH12 done lost me as a supporter way back when. He better be makin' some serious moves this summer.
Deng got himself five them fouls, so that's all she wrote for him... Boozer too. But that son of a gun Butler just keeps on killin' us.
$25,000 for a guitar? Well, I only make $20 each week for my allowance. Gonna take me an awful long time to save up that much money.
I reckon I don't quite match up to that there image, so we're jus' havin' a good time. You'll be my buddy forever, though.
It's all right for a youngun' to grow up and get mature, but don't grow too big now. I reckon I was smitten with them X Factor boys, remember that?
I'm wide awake, but I sure didn't get much sleep last night. People's choices can really mess with your peace of mind. All night long, I kept havin' these little dreams. Can't make this stuff up.
Fake love comes an' goes when you's in a bind an' need some aid. Genuine love comes an' sticks with ya through the tough times.
Educators can't keep the classroom in order. Ain't 'bout no ADHD neither, but 'cause there's a shortage of discipline at home.
My thoughts 'bout marriage ain't been all sunny-side up these days. Ain't that sad? I'm just shakin' mah head.
I sure do like them easy-goin' folks. All that loud stuff, though. What's the point, but if you lead me there, I'll ramp it up real quick.
He knows the ropes. Ain't no wimp about him, and he knows I ain't around no more. I give it my best shot.
You ain't the only one gettin' lost in this here mess. An' I'm tryin', but it don't look like it's gonna work out.
I'm prayin' for ya, Dominic. If you're feelin' like you need someone to lend an ear or even just to let off some steam if nobody else is around to listen, then I sure will. Keep on keepin' on for yourself and yours.
I ain't gonna lie, but that crazy talk don't get me goin' no more. It's jus' like, "eh, alright."
That there was as nasty as the devil! I was bawlin' and them folks didn't have to speak a word to us! Damned shameful.
Tears is just keep on comin' outta my eyes. I can't stand havin' to go through this all by myself.
I hopes he's all right. Now, I'm fixin' to head on home and climb into bed. But, I don't knows, my whole night's been messed up.
Y'all can either love me or hate me. Whatever y'all do, it ain't gonna make me nor break me.
I got thirty, an' the number right after eight. Shot left of him, five in the chamber, took his mug.
Let me take a look at this here Westwood College. Lawd, and that well-known soul food place close to Camp Creek is really hittin' the mark.
I sure do like comin' home after work an' findin' my sweetheart waitin' for me. She's been missin' me something fierce.
No, sir, she came after me just like she usually does, and I put a stop to her. You best figure it out, gal, and show some respect to folks.
Ain't nothin' wrong with that, but why do ya gotta have one? It's more about havin' a natural, healthy hair type, not tryin' to impress nobody or nothin'.
Why in tarnation you feel compelled to yack on that blasted speakerphone? Hell's bells, I ain't got no business hearin' your dang conversation. Damn boring if you ask me.
French Montana and his music just ain't worth nothin' to me. I don't even consider him a real contender. And as for styin' Kanye's and Ying Yang Twins' ad-libs, well, that's a whole other ball game.
In a bit, it's gonna rain, and that means two real nice naps in just one day. I'm just laughin' about that.
I been havin' me some sex with gals up on the rooftop when I ain't got no money for no hotel room - Big
Well, I reckon Mobile Heights is the on'y one gettin' rain... Ain't that 'bout a B word? (It seems like there might be a missing word in the original sentence.)
Tomorrow's got a long string of things for me to do. After the game, I reckon I'll call it an early night.
When I gets back in here from work, I got some rice settin' on me. Shout out to my grandma. She's real helpful at times.
I done went ahead and did mah mornin' rituals, jus' to get mah hair all tied back up and git back into bed.
Y'all lookin' for a DJ for Father’s Day on Sunday? I'm here and ready to go. Give me a call at 410-645-0495, Mondays through Fridays, 9AM-5PM. I also do karaoke if y'all are interested.
I reckon them good ol' fellas what sung about \"White T-Shirt?\" I'm plum tuckered out from folks givin' me the side eye when I crank up that tune.
I was at that there show when they last had Nas performin'... He was down on his knees in the pourin' rain, doin' "OneMic", and folks were hollerin' boos.
WHAT had to be that way, you're wrong 'bout that. Tell me now, how we gonna make it on seven? I LOVE this son-of-a-gun HOLIDAY!
I read a tweet 'bout a frazzled woman, an' I reckon women oughta think a whole lot harder. Maybe if they done that, they could figure out some of their own troubles and be more contented.
I ain't gonna sugarcoat it, there's times I'm plumb terrified 'bout bein' myself. But I reckon I gotta take out them folks what makes me feel that way, even if it's my own fault and I can't help who I am.
Every year durin' Summer Jam, we think 'bout situations where Jay-Z might make an appearance. It's just somethin' we've come to expect.
Rammstein's real purty. Dem black fellas got guitars with flame-shooters, at least twenty foot long flames, when they play. Me gonna try that on July 4th, if I can.
Most folks made comparisons between the drafts of Andrew Luck and RG3 to Peyton Manning and Eli Manning, or Leaf and Manning. Now, what was Ryan Leaf like, and how do these two quarterbacks stack up against each other?
If your girl's got one, you better get good at that lovin'. Vibrators and dildos, they oughta make you red-faced. But you, you oughta be red-faced.
I'd like to retract them messages I sent, just a few of 'em.
I'm hidin' in the Grand Canyon, damn it. I'm gonna see this through, these here twelve hours. I'm chucklin'. Gotta hide that car.
Which TV channel y'all on today? I missed y'all's show yesterday 'cause Comcast told me there was a baseball game on. Plus, what time was it?
A Black person, my friend, my taste buds have been ruined. I can't go back home and cook the same pasta after having tasted this authentic Italian food.
Hold up, hold up, did I jus' see somethin' Tweeted an' said J. Cole's album is bettah than The Yeezy's?
Folks keeps askin' me 'bout where my ancestors originated from and I tell 'em America. But they go on about "No, before they came here." Dang it. I don't rightly know specifically.
Now y'all better believe it, my top twenty Quarterbacks'd include Larry Fitz. I reckon Carson threw the ball over four thousand yards, if I ain't got that wrong.
My partner was arguin' with me 'bout when we gon' have us a baby. If it's a boy, he's fixin' to be an junior. No, the hell he ain't.
In other news, Paula Dean hired the real-life Olivia Popeto help her out with her troubles.
I was shootin' for the fourth one, but somethin' come up and delayed it. Run outta cash, I did.
I prefer havin' a small group of friends 'cause of the shallow ways some folks behave. There's some people I don't mingle with no more. They're either dysfunctional, shallow, or both.
Y'all holler at Angela for keepin' it classy... You know 'bout her and Bow Wow talkin' 'bout that red carpet interview afore it went down.
I ain't afraid to tell EVERYBODY. I do love me a boyfriend, and that's just how it is. Can't help who you end up lovin'.
I'm plum tired of these here folks! It's all been "been there, done that" for me. But I'm loyal to my significant other.
We'd sit around yakkin' 'bout things, an' folks didn't have no clue what in tarnation we was on about.
My mama's up in the kitchen, listenin' to them OMG Girls! I reckon she's still soused from last night.
Hahaha, no way, you low-class woman, you're talkin' trash. The only one puttin' his hands on my ass is Kendravius, and you, low-class woman, my ass ain't greasy neither.
Is it right or wrong for ladies to use a gent for enjoyment? I reckon men do the same to women plenty.
I ain't losin' my marbles. I was fixin' to evict her, call another nosey parker, bring 'em in, and work somethin' out between us.
Quint, Jerry, and Mario is askin' me to come to B.C. Rain in their parts. They gotta come to Murphy for somethin'.
I's laughin'. Cause, dang it, I was new to that mess, you understand? But I gotcha, sweetheart.
But I jus' keeps certain things to my own self, but times that's what makes me the most upset on most days.
Go on now and hit the sack, then get up and do it all over again. My grandma worked her old self harder than you.
I'm dead certain it ain't yours. I had me a dream 'bout it last night. Yessiree, them's the kind of things I dream 'bout.
Dang that's neat, go ahead and have fun! If you got yourself some spare time, you oughta swing by for a cold one on the patio. Real swanky place.
When we was all feelin' somethin' earlier, he went and said that's why I'm fixin' to marry you and ruin it all. Just keep holdin' me down like you do.
I don't know. Yours is that Sunday and mine is that Thursday. My mama said she might be gettin' me a room.
I sure do wish I had me an app so it could tell me who was askin' these here questions when I ask 'em, 'cause it ain't easy.
I'm plumb tickled for you, partner. Your voice is somethin' else, and you set a fine example for all us folks. God bless you in every way.
That was the first time I seen my mama and daddy go at it like that and it sure didn't sit right with me none.
Folks just focus on the negative stuff, but they ain't payin' no mind to all the fine things you've done.
I'm on the hunt fer a new bedroom crib set for my babe. Ain't no easy feat, an' there's a whole lotta choices to be made.
I don't reckon I know why you keep postin' things on here, but you jus' made a post 'bout a fella you miss.
I'm real pleased that it's all done with. She used to be smitten with this fella named Bill, but then she come to be smitten with Bill's son instead. She chased after a man what was already taken and ended up takin' his baby's life.
Well, I ain't got that there message yet, but I reckon I better sign off now 'cause my phone bill's already stackin' up.
Chief Keef told the lawmen that it's a real quick motorcar of mine, and that's the reason I went and got myself one. Can't be mad at him none.
I can't believe some low-down, no-good person called my insurance company tryin' to pin a hit and run on me. Beat it, you're not wanted here.
I wanna have ya energy takin' over me. I goes to bed an' I sees you in my dreams.
Way back when, they'd put Gatorade in glass bottles, I reckon they oughta bring that back again. I'm just laughin'.
She keeps accusin' me of bein' jealous every time I put in my two cents. I don't agree.
I gots to git me some breakfast. I went an' slept empty-handed 'cause it was too late to be eatin' last night.
Click the burrito you like an' then do the drink. Enter the promo code an' then you enter the card number.
"Fuck you, 50, you're an old timer goin' to a matinee. This here's the best time! There ain't no lines and it's real quiet."
I used to ponder over immature stuff, like ya'll love me? Ya'll want me? Ain't ya'll gonna call me, like ya'll said ya would.
I knew folks was gonna get carried away. They's on there blowin' dick and fuckin' plumb crazy.
An' I got out heah jus' in time to park mah car on the other side of dis street.
Folks in the Greek life headin' to AGP, y'all oughta swing by Greekedup Co. Their booth is where you wanna go for all your Greek life stuff needs.
Anytime you ain't gettin' what you want, I shouldn't be callin' you? You ain't my true friend. I ain't no harlot, alright?
Brother, when I went into that pizza place, I didn't want to see you eatin' pizza on a stick.
Nas heared your sing-song, an' he can't stand it. I reckon he don't give a hoot 'bout whatcha think.
Girl's showin' off her stuff with nothin' but guts. Don't you be scared.
This whole movin' thing is makin' me real frustrated 'cause I don't wanna sign a lease for someplace I ain't gonna be stayin' long.
Girl, it takes me two solid weeks to get my laundry done, by the time them two weeks has rolled around, it's already time for me to start all over again. Just laughin' and shakin' my head.
I gets all worked up when I recalls near 'bout 4:00... But then, I recalls I don't git off till 5:00.
That's a real quirky cap, somethin' for the top of the head, somethin' for the top of the head. Got a yellow chicken figurine, in the mix, in the fish... On a boat, on a boat.
Shut your damn mouth! I'm the one talkin', and it's even funnier 'cause we was just talkin' 'bout those unfunny folks doin' that.
I'm real nosy about other folks affairs, yessiree, I'm gonna poke my nose in when I suspect something ain't quite right. Ain't nobody's business but mine, I ain't here to make friends or please you.
Nodding my head no. Come on now, yank those tracks. Yank 'em outta your head. She's gonna holler until they all hit the ground, every last one of 'em.
I don't reckon I know that there woman. But she thinks you can't be friends with everbody, no matter how right it might be.
America's just plain ol' dull. I need somethin' fresh and exciting. Everythang's so monotonous: phony folks scared to be true to themselves, folks with wigs, an' so on.
I'm all set for footbal' season, y'all! But the National Basketball Association, now that's a whole different ballgame. Seems like there's a whole lot of whiners in that league, cryin' about every little thing. My, my! How times have changed since back in the day!
All them big-name Mafia fellas got their money durin' a 7-game series. If everybody thinks Miami ain't gonna win this here game, then they plum crazy.
The Spurs ain't playin' near as good as they did in that last game. I've seen more turnovers than I can count from this here team. Hmm, I do wonder why.
Jamie Foxx had them shoes on he liked. Him doin' what he did put us in a hole.
This here's prob'ly the simplest night for findin' a sweetheart in Miami, specially if they done won somethin'.
When your ol' sweetheart is likin' your pics on Instagram, I reckon you's hankerin' for me to be back.
I hate to admit it, but a whole lotta these fellas on Twitter is real weak sauce. How in the world you suppose to tweet that much?
Dang, I'm plum tuckered out. I'm mighty pleased about havin' just a few more weeks of work now. My factory's shuttin' down, and us lot is headin' on down to Miami in July.
I got me a comp'ny paid-off day I's gonna use for work. But I'm plumb tuckered out an' can't go in today. It just feels real good today.
It's nuts 'cause black fellas fib to their sweethearts, tellin' 'em they ain't got no girlfriend, but they do. My head is shakin'.
The higher you climb in life, the fewer hullabaloo you'll hear (fewer folks at the top). If the ruckus in your life is just too much, crank it up another notch! Let's go!
Thought for the day: Ain't many promises I make, but I swear on my mama's grave, I'm gonna put my heart and soul into livin'!
I can't stand this here black man actin' like a fool. I don't trust a word he says. Just shakin' my head and laughin' out loud. That's the real deal.
I spent the day with my youngest little girl. First things first, it was ice cream, then it was shoppin', now we's on them swings. Then, off to dinner.
The little pictures, or emojis, that I jus' sent to Quinton, it's jest ticklin' me! Us thinkin' the same way, I reckon he's gonna get it.
You think that kinda thing don't rattle me? Love, you was jus' somethin' to talk about. That's all. You jumped to conclusions. Now, you feel like you got played... Well, I guess that's life sometimes.
I reckon it was about last year when they run that car all the way to EC an' shot it full of holes.
I really get a holler outta me when the O's got themselves a mid-week day game. Ain't nothin' like listenin' to some ol' baseball game on the radio while I'm codin'. Those two things right there, they just go hand in hand for me.
I ain't gonna say that 'cause I know plenty folks that never did settle down, but it didn't take three whole months neither.
I might be a dumb ol' boy, but I ain't no big ol' fool or the ugliest one 'round here. You got that title.
That's all 'bout takin' responsibility fer yer consequences. They hanker after the praise, but they don't wanna take on none of the blame.
I neva did get why there was all them different train tracks. Ain't nobody got time to wait till they ain't part of my daily drive no more.
I's gon' tell the truth. I was figurin' I'd hear 'bout that Rose fella killin' brothas by now... But nothin'. Nothin' at all.
Well, looky here, you sneaky peeker. I done talked it over with Dion. I told him I'll be doin' the show. It wasn't about that "event," though.
No, I believe I used the video what the publisher had on their website. Ain't that just somethin'? But then, I reckon I'm pretty tech-savvy, too, so...
I reckon a few extra effort points oughta let him grab a few baskets. But all in all, Antp puts in the hard work.
Some poor sap is gonna wind up courtin' her and marryin' her. Or she winds up with a fella gots kids from several mamas.
I'm smack dab in the middle of this family business goin' on at the moment, but afterwards, I'll be movin' around once I finish playin' basketball. I gotcha covered. Your copy is in the back of the truck.
The very second I hit send, I was thinkin', "Whoa, that's Nate!" But it was already too late. Now I'm just shakin' me head and laughin'.
That's how I felt 'bout them younger brothers of mine. They're eighteen and sixteen. They was my shadows, and I changed their dirty diapers. Now they're both on Twitter.
Why do women look at a fella they was seein' before he got hitched and think... "I coulda been the one he married if I had stayed"
It's kinda like this here woman is shiftin' her talk as this fella's tryin' to hit on her. He's puttin' in a real effort with his flirtin' game.
I'm talkin' 'bout them common white fellas, not them Jon B type white guys. They don't hardly ever think 'bout black women as an option.
No White woman what's ever had herself a proper symmetrical haircut can come over here and tell me she never went out with no Black fella.
Dare I stick my neck out and mention that the thought of a feisty black woman don't tickle my fancy no more.
I give credit where it's right, I cheer for the victors! But don't you go tryin' to walk all over me, actin' high and mighty to some gals.
That daddy of that fella and their ex-gal pal know it and they laugh every time they run into me.
I'm over on www.youtube.com. I'm listenin' now, an' if I gotta keep an open mind to enjoy it, I reckon I'm thinkin' too hard.
The Governor was tryin' to give hush money to both sides in a feud, all while makin' a profit. But the Vampers Government's gone now.
I reckon, there ain't nothin' wrong with a gal havin' a good pudding, and sharin' it generous like.
Lez, you're a real piece of work! Now, I didn't know you had read it. You've been all over the place and preoccupied.
A gal what's got herself a sweetheart is gonna go out on a date with another fella and arrange some hanky-panky time with her lover later on.
Most them tall, dark mamas downtown keep lookin' at me. That's just the truth.
I was fixin' to reveal LBJ's basketball shootin', 'cause he'd 'a called him a genius if he'd known. Let it simmer.
*Makin' summa plans* What's the date for them KP ball games? Hyde Park Alumni Picnic? House Picnic? Taste?Crunch Brunch Picnic? Brothers Picnics.
Ooh, you better go talk to Eb 'bout that... She'd always say she wasn't gonna be one of them women flashin' their herrin'. You best ask her. It's purty funny.
All right, I'm gon' be late to the HP picnic... I'll prob'ly be there around 5pm. But I still wanna roll in like I'm Purple Rain, lbs and all.
Bein' yoself is important when decidin' what success means. You're doin' the right thing by walkin' your own path.
I'd rather listen to some bogus married fella's advice 'bout real stuff than hear it from some singleton. At least they's showin' a level of compromise.
A fella that puts in a lot of effort before gettin' what he wants, is called a "gentleman”" in the way some gals talk.
It ain't hard to confess when you're the one caused the mess-up. I'm ownin' up to it, and aim to do better next time. Crazy ol' world, huh?
And I won't believe I never seen no woman nursin' her baby and was the only one starin'.
I'd just love to have me a routine set up, so I can get myself goin', you know? Just stroll through my platform and be on my way.
I'm purty, but I ain't be-yoo-tiful. I sin, but I ain't the de-vil. I'm good, but I ain't no ang-el. -Marilyn Monroe
Thank y'all mightily for the Father's Day greetins'. I'm sendin' blessings to all them daddies out yonder.
Got us a new game system and games. We managed to get that done before the year was over.
Well, she done spoke right there! At least she's got a job goin'. She's gonna hafta put in a whole lotta hours just to catch a glimpse of some real money. I'm just laughin' now.
Women ain't worth nothin'! Gal's want a faithful fella, but they can't even stay loyal to their pals.
Oh dear, I hadn't realized she was around here. There weren't no parking spaces, now I feel all sorry.
Shout-out to all my boys, them male friends and cousins, who never put a sweet coating on nothing. They always kept it real as real can be.
Now, let me tell ya, I don't care for Yale none. Hee-haw. I reckon I only take a likin' to a few folks on my daddy's side.
Throughout my time in school, I real bad wanted to tussle with Sam. And let me tell ya, I sure did try! But y'know what? My peepers were a mess of black and blue for two solid weeks.
Tossin' that salad, huh? Lookin' like they swimmin' in each other.
Can I jus' get me a blow job? I mean, the split in my hairy ass, me near about killin' myself laughin', jus' playin'.
Settin' in the dark just actin' like a true man. That there's some real hard-time talk.
If a woman goes to the buildin' where they give out food stamps, and the security man lets her in... She's workin' as a prostitute.
Folks with fair complexion among black folks is all riled up 'bout this fresh new thing on Instagram. Some black folks is content with the hidden matter, and I'm just rollin' in the laughs.
I reckon I thought I wanted them gals, but they're after all the fellas. It's hard to believe.
That fella don't do nothin' for ya, but when he speaks down to a woman, it makes ya happy.
I've come across some neat gay folks. I reckon the whole thing 'bout it is still nasty, but they're cool as can be.
I reckon I'm fixin' to have me eighteen birthday in Ohio. But dang, it gets mighty cold there. All I do know is that I'm hankerin' for somethin' big.
Ion reckon I can believe folks when they talk. I've jus' been told a whole lotta lies, it's like drat it, don't trust none.
At 2 in the afternoon, us be givin' out free passes for the Graceful Hands Famous People Double Ball Game. This here event goin' down at Cass Tech on the twenty-ninth of June in the year two thousand thirteen.
Y'all gotta go to ever place for them tickets to that celeb charity ball game at Cass Tech on June 29, 2013. They call it a power bidness, but I reckon it's all about the heart!
Tyga and Big Sean, I do declare. That there beat is somethin' fierce! But I ain't too fond of the song m'self.
The alarm sound real soft an' I can't hardly believe it's an alarm. Could it be somethin' else?
Listen here, now I got a real good deal goin' on for them tats. Brings you two and spends $25, an' you gets one free, no kiddin'. If y'all wants more info, hit me up.
I'm fixin' to put my feet up and take a sip or two of some relaxin' drink to calm down mah mind.
I ain't lyin', when I worked for that future care place, I wanted to be cleanin' in the housekeepin' department. They swears it was the finest job going.
You tell your girlfriend them there braids of hers looks all messed up. I can't help but want to twist them big things up into some kind of bun.
I ain't in no hurry to grow up neither, but folks aged twenty-one an' above, they got more choices than us younguns aged twenty an' below. That's a hoot!
I got to work on findin' a way to handle these here two jobs of mine. Now, if I can just get a hold of that other one...
I got to track down some Air Jordan Pink 11s. I can't believe I didn't get 'em when I had the opportunity.
Some time in the last week, I plum forgot the whole dang story 'bout Harry Potter. Pfft. It's all vanished away.
I seen one of them there varmints in a yard on my way home today. Near about got a hold of him.
I'd make a real poor cat mama. Ain't home much 'nough to keep it comany, an somebody else taken it home by now.
Man, I hate that broad. Man, my brother and them had business with that broad, and then Bryan Frazier came along.
When I ponder what my life might become, that's when I reach for a drink and light up this here marijuana.
I've been listenin' to my SL brethren all day long, but it ain't 'cause they're my pals. They're just more talented than you rapper folk.
You oughta 'a came to the right person fer this here job, an' that's me, but I reckon you don't work with me no more.
My granny told Eric he could sleep over knowin' I was mighty pissed off at him. But then I went and messed up, lettin' him leave me hangin'. I'm laughin', but believe me, I'm dead serious.
Tell your sis that I'm a full-grown woman now, able to make my own choices. Appreciate her worryin'.
If y'all read both them tweets, I switched it around for ya, 'cause you're somethin' special.
I reckon, that gal was a total waste of my time. Damn, I'm doin' just fine without her and all that BS. Honestly, fuck them relationships.
When y'all go tryin' to stir up somethin'. I don't need to be a part of it.
The only sensible reason I got for watchin' basketball was 'cause of them fellas datin' the Kardashians. Kinda like pretendin' to enjoy "Downton Abbey" or some such thing.
Rachel's been actin' like she don't see them texts. I'm fixin' to give her a piece of my mind. I'll show her who's boss.
This mornin', a teacha had a scrap with a pupil. Now she's outta work. She lost her job jus' before the last few days of school. That's a real pity.
That there woman's supposed to sing "The Black National Anthem" but instead, she just mumbles to me "I don't know the words" or some such thing. Ain't that something?
It's a mite too early for them drunken Friday night pictures at the club be poppin' up on Instagram, ain't it? Cause I jus' seen a...
Peace be unto you, As Salaam Alaikum. How can we assist our younguns in them public schools to keep from gettin' steered towards the penitentiary.
You cut off our conversation and, yessir, I did. Whatever it was you done, you needed a confirmation code for it.
Hey y'all, we's fixin' to go spend some time with the famly today. I'm gonna try and slip in some pictures of the schoolwork I needs for that there assignment.
I was at my brother's graduation. I recorded it on DVR and watched the fourth quarter and overtime when we went out to eat. The TV had no sound. My phone was ringing.
Well, I got myself into somethin' for leavin' work early!!! But if it ain't one thing it's another. With Mac and Sac!!
Knowin' that folks in Africa were bein' royal made things better, but it didn't help much with my own self-image. Knowin' that, I'm a co-heir with Jesus.
In the 'hood, mailmen gets themselves chased by barkin' dogs and bothered when their social security checks runs late.
Folks was standin' in line all night long just to be the first ones through the door at the brand new Chick-fil-A in Hampton Cove. Ain't nothin' too deep about it.
My mama's in Miami preparin' to set sail on a cruise, all while I'm stuck in HSV, sittin' in the classroom on a blasted Saturday.
Folks from Heat fanbase ain't got no space to chirp 'bout fakin' unless y'all talkin' 'bout that hag in the jersey.
Their spread offense is real different. They's gon' pass first in that offense. His blind side tackle done left, so there's some big shoes to fill.
I jus' liked it for them docu-mentsaries, but the very same ones been settin' theres for over a year.
SpanishSpanish [I assume this is a typo in the original sentence and it was meant to be "The sentence is in Spanish" or something similar.]
Ev'ry Saturday, them folks across the street from me got themselves a barbecue goin' on. Ain't that neat? But dang it if their strange-soundin' stereo don't constantly give me one heck of a headache.
Big bro, I needs ya, an' Wade, an' Ray Allen, an' Bosh, an' Shane, an' Mike Miller. Work 'em hard on Danny Green, an' Parker, an' Duncan, an' Neal.
Y'all got to appreciate that ol' Wine-Lover in our community. I got another two-month report comin' up in just five minutes.
Ain't none but God what makes the rain come down, an' it's comin' down heap good in Queens. But I don't gotta go out, so let it pour, let it pour, let it pour.
I seen it with my very own peepers. That there was the real deal, lemme tell ya. He done went and took her life.
Inner city talk 'bout "I'll call you back" is "You take care now an' have yourself a fine rest of this here day. We'll chat again tomorrow." I's just crackin' up, jest sayin'.
That there's a real smart idea for an alarm clock. It'd give off the smell of bacons in the mornin'. Folks wouldn't have no trouble wakin' up with that goin' on.
If I get me one more blamed mosquito bite. I reckon I'm a nice, caramel-colored hue and all, but I'm darn sure there's some other plump folks for those pesky mosquitoes to go bother instead, what in tarnation, I'm just laughin'.
Y'all know what I'm talkin' 'bout, right? When you wake up in the mornin' with so much pep in your step it makes you feel like doin' nothin'. That's plumb nuts.
A real purty woman with some nasty-ass breath ain't nothin' I care for. It's just too blasted hot for me to be dealin' with messes today.
Somethin' somebody told me was that the coonchee got pork in it. Is that right? An' if it is, do they make a veggie version too? I'm tryin' to stick to my diet here.
If I was your closest buddy, would you allow me to do all the things that only a close buddy can do?
I got a real bad headache goin' on 'cause I ain't had me no sleep the past two nights. But I reckon I'll be gettin' some good rest tonight. Tomorrow, I got me a hair appointment or maybe just gettin' a trim. I'm kinda scared about it though.
Well, I'm runnin' real behind. I didn't know none 'bout David Correy gettin' a record deal. I sure did like him. I was plum mad when they went and voted him off so early.
You ax me fer my number. I tell ya, "I got me a boyfriend." Your reply, "Well, I reckon I like me some competition." But n-words don't show no respect. That's right funny.
Don't you all try this at home now, kiddos... Alrighty then, I'll give it a shot at my buddy's place instead.
Hey there Tweed clan! I've been wide awake since twelve o'clock yesterday mornin'. Can't believe it, just shake my head, it's always a good mornin'.
My shoe collection ain't got nothin' goin' on at the moment. I's in need of some new work shoes, runnin' shoes, Sperry's or loafers, and common tennis shoes. I reckon I gotta get my act together.
Don't some folks go 'head and do it, or tryna do it, with their pals when it comes to sex? That's plum nuts! No doubt about it, whether male or female.
Ain't you sick and tired of headin' to the beauty shop and tryin' on that there black number one wig? Your old wig all busted, disgusted, fried, dyed, and leanin' to the side? Give me a holler.
I'm feelin' real nervous. I's just dyin' to know. I do hope the Good Lord hears my supplications and sets my little one free. Help me out, Big Fella.
Once in a while, I'd sure like to come across a good lookin', polite gent with trousers that don't droop? Lord, no. At least keep 'em from droppin' down so far. Yuck.
If we tell ya to fetch two kinds of ID when you come, why in tarnation would ya bring just the one with ya?
I thought I was goin' against the wind. I'm mighty concerned now.
That fella goes to the shoppin' center with his pals. It's rainin'. He gets his vehicle to pick his buddies up in front of the shoppin' center...It was just a little drizzle, that's kind of funny.
I reckon I'm the only son of a gun on this here planet what don't take a likin' to them hot doughnuts. I can't stand it when that hot sign lights up.
I's fixin' to go joggin' this mornin'. Gotta get myself back in shape. I's been neglectin' things for a spell, so I got some work to do.
An' as a mebbe shoppin' just a little too much... I's tryin' real hard to do bettah with mah money... An' Ah's tearin' up mah credit cards an' pullin' 'em outta PayPal.
If y'all see somethin' that looks like an opportunity, just let it go down. We's checkin' our sacks here. We don't need us some harlots.
That there chili cheese fries with jalapeños sure does sound mighty fine. Now where in tarnation can a body find somethin' as good as that?
Don't come around here for no good reason. Don't be callin' my phone line for no reason, you fuckin' black guys, you black guys is nothin'.
Dang. What in tarnation is goin' on with none of my preferred shows poppin' up on Demand yet? I sho 'nuff don't wanna hafta twiddle my thumbs waitin' to watch 'em until the subsequent week.
Yesterday, for the first time, I seen Dr. King's whole speech. I'm still feelin' all choked up about it.
Today's a fine day fer daddies. Pass on the tradition, or start a fresh one with your younguns.
Be careful now, some deals might not go through. Make sure ya understand the deal and take your time with it.
I reckon it ain't too tough findin' love. I figger everybody's at different stages in life, no need to rush.
I reckon Stiles might turn into a beta, seein' how the sneak peek for next Monday's episode hints at that.
I'm still awake. Lawd, World War Z was something else. It's a real fine movie to watch.
I reckon that God don't make no mistakes and that everythang happens 'cause the Good Lord got a plan, maybe it's somethin' good, maybe it's somethin' bad.
Why in the world would you make sombody give you a promise not to drink no more when they's already plastered? That's just real sneaky business. I'm just over here laughin' my head off.
It's long after my time for bed, but my mind's just full of things and sleep jus ain't happenin'.
I reckon I've grown up proper when all I hanker for is to work.
I've been sendin' him my prayers. He's been blessin' me. And ya best keep away from all them gals.
I'm plumb wore out and aggravated. Folks just keep on shittin' all over my life. I can't take it no more.
I've been eatin' at Lou's and Harold's these past three days. Guess it's time for me to start that diet. I've been workin' out, but I think I might be headin' into some serious cardio overload.
Folks what knows me, knows I've been through the depths of hell and back, but now I'm able to say that I'm truly contented.
Ain't that right? Now I'm just sittin' here enjoyin' watchin' my grandbabies play. My fam-bam's here helpin' me out with this here new book.
This cold got me hankerin' for a drink 'cause I figger I needs it to stay healthy for this here work week comin' up.
They're all riled up 'bout the government listenin' in on their phone lines. Ain't got no dog in that fight m'self. Don't got nothin' to hide.
I'm tryin' to get my priories straight and save some cash. Ain't gonna be no more partying, and I'm headin' back home in September.
He said you'd forget 'bout pickin' up your kiddos, forget whatcha cookin', and forget about life in general. I'm just laughin'.
Afore I went to class, I was a bundle of get-up-and-go. But once I got there, it seemed like I hadn't had a wink of sleep all night.
I've been runnin' into more gals sayin', "I'm goin' out with my beau." I say, "Well, so what?"
I reckon I ain't got the best grammar this side of the world, but I can string a sentence together.
We was really givin' it our all. Probably only two more bottles and we'd a been turnin' into lemons, hehe.
I can comprehend a month or two, but not two weeks! I'm fixin' to lose my marbles. I'm gigglin'.
At the close of the day, I just can't hold no respect nor forgiveness in my heart for them Baltimore Ravens, what they did to RGIII by breakin' his leg.
I got me a whole lotta weight goin' on both ends of my body. But him, he wantin' a dog that looks like she's near starvin' and all emaciated-like.
Why do you gotta go there, though? Some of us ain't got no lies to tell (runs away).
Mindless Behavior sings them some inspiring tunes. I's listenin' to 'em right now, helps me get through this here second day of school. Much obliged to Mindless Behavior.
When did that nationwide tour really go nationwide, if the Broadway League ain't recognizin' it?
No, not just now. But I'm right about to get there! I was in the 5th grade back then! I still recollect the long-lastin' impact you had. Thanks.
Feels real good to rise an' shine in the mornin', not havin' me head all fuzzy from a hangover. Near abouts yesterday, I come close to takin' a sip! But I didn't drink none.
Today ain't been no good day for me neither, but it's gonna get better. The Devil ain't gonna knock my spirits down.
I ain't been around here for a spell, and I had to check with you, seein' as how I thought you might be actin' too darned old.
That fella's real hooked. He don't care who he uses.
So, how many platinum albums he had made, full ones I mean? After Aaliyah passed away, Timbaland's career took a hit.
I reckon I used to enjoy listenin' to Drake, but he leaves me puzzled. I'd rather have therapeutic Drake, not the whinin' one.
Everything I set down in front of you for ponderin', some go on and ponder with a purpose. Others just let others do the thinkin' for 'em.
Don't let nobody confuse things. I truly don't care one bit. It's Friday now, and folks need to just get past themselves and their bullshit.
I reckon what I'm tryin' to say is that even though Biggie Smalls and Tupac have been gone for near about twenty years now, their music still holds up. It ain't never gonna get stale.
Lebron's in that pass-the-ball mode tonight. The ol' wild thing's been tamed. He's gonna git himself a shiny trophy at this here pace.
Dante cain't speak. I seen that vid with the sweat-drippin', fast as lightnin' black gal. Ain't that a hoot, partner!
I grabbed hold of it and managed to get it away from me. Then I planted my foot on its neck. None of the other snakes stirred, but they was right there.
Y'all done already. That's the fact of the matter. But see, black women ain't goin' with us, and then the clip is ridin' on 'em.
My buddy ain't been real friendly towards me these last few days. We're fixin' to be on different sides.
The Cirtus 7's, All Black 10's, White & Red 10's, and the White & Purple 10's got to be put back out again.
Would you reckon I was tellin' the truth if I said I took a likin' to you right from the start? Cause...
If you was to pass on and come back as somethin' else... Skip turn, don't get no $200. Go straight to the slammer.
It's really meant to be a private joke between us. And yeah, go ahead and come over. I'm just watchin' it by myself here.
I hopes I'll git some shut-eye tonight 'cause I gotta be at mah second job by 7am.
My next day off ain't till next Wednesday! I gots two double shifts this weekend, one right after the other!
At times, just takin' a stroll durin' lunch break might be all it takes for you to keep yer job and another soul's life saved.
Sinus actin' up. I's just here to git me some grub. An' leavin' out.
My bro call me jus now an' gave me a right good surprise with some real nice news! Ain't that somethin'? Guess I can finally hit the hay.
What if this here activity's jus' a warm-up for the real deal startin' the week.
Ain't you hopin' to hear from God or see Him doin' some work today? If that ain't the case, why not?
This here class is too long-winded, specially considerin' how I'm likely fixin' to leave this town before too long. But it's essential to have a backup plan on hand.
Don't never go showin' a man that you're a good woman 'cause they's bound to take advantage of it. Let him find out on his own and respect you for what you is.
I reckon I often ponder why my fridge is bare, yet truth be told, I already know the reason for it. I'm just plain fond of grub.
Comcast keeps leavin' that threatening note on my door sayin', "We was here to pick up your equipment" - soundin' mighty rude and menacin'.
So why my girl ain't respondin' neither by text nor call? What in tarnation is goin' on?
Folks I was hangin' out with back in them high school and middle school days, I don't hardly speak to 'em now. They done changed. But it ain't got nothin' to do with me, I'm makin' me some money.
No, Flo didn't grab her hands, bend down her head, and mutter a prayer to the Almighty askin' for aid and curse in that prayer. That's a hoot!
It's real strange now, I didn't even feel like eatin' yesterday. Maybe 'cause I was plum tuckered out.
There's this person, they're either a cross dresser with a real good job or they're just real sharp in their dressin', but they got two felonies and they ain't worked nothin' in the last three years.
"Silver linin'?" Lawd, fool! People could've had their lives taken from 'em and you're frettin' 'bout The Heat winnin'? That's some real heartless insensitivity right there.
I feels ya! Ain't no ballin' happenin' but when there's a tourney. Still got it, though. Hee-haw! If y'all ever passes through Chi-town, I'll give you a game. Hee-haw!
Folks what wanna hear it, I'll be playin' that old time and house music once more on Wednesdays, commencin' September 4th, 2013... I had to take a brief pause from playin' 'em due to the yearly jazz do.
I done went bungee jumpin', but I were plastered. Ain't no amount of liquor in this here world gonna make me jump outta an airplane.
You ain't fit to be holdin' back a tweet 'cause you're runnin' behind.
That's mighty young of ya to have a baby, and it's sure is surprising. Your little one must be real tiny, seeing as how you ain't been soaked yet.
It's long overdue that obesity gets considered a disease. Folks gotta eat. Nobody's obligated to do drugs or drink, and both have been deemed diseases.
Y'all doin' a tastin' on Saturday? I reckon I missed the beginning an'd be hankerin' to come by an' join y'all.
She wanted to have herself a Plantation Theme Wedding again 'cause she was hankerin' for that good ol' nostalgia from that time? Damn, I don't know 'bout that.
Cheese was up for bid at the Taste of the Nation silent auction. Bourbon come from the F&W event last year.
Allow me to toss a basketball and a stick at your head and see if I cry.
Yessum, she does/I do, an' that tickles me. Ain't you in them 615 codes yet? Can't hardly wait to come pay y'all a visit.
We never mentioned goin' neither. All I said was that I wanted it. You went and ate them Hooters' food without me.
I's fixin' up a real fine Bellini, yessiree. An' yes, it is fresh mashed up peaches.
I've been a Clippers supporter since day one. But I'm cheerin' on the Pacers 'cause I ain't got nothin' against 'em, but I just can't stand them Heat.
Don't believe them falsehoods, jus' look me straight in the eye. PLEASE don't be scairt of me, PLEASE don't be scairt of me.
I just can't stand people. I gotta keep tellin' myself each and every day to keep on lookin' forward, head held high.
A whole buncha folks on Twitter is actin' up, but who for? Cause when you get the lickin' that's comin', they'll be on here laughin' at ya.
I've been wide awake since 6am, sweetheart. Appreciate you stirrin' me from my slumber. I managed to fit in mah early mornin' petitions.
The women come back all happy and lively. They're still kickin'.
It's startin' to come together. My daddy was born on August 11th. Hip hop was born on that same day, August 11th. My daddy had a way with words. Ain't that something?
My stuff got the name "Golden Streets." That there took it to another level. It's playin' on a loop when I'm ridin'.
This here's the first time I've really been able to sit down and watch me some TV in a long, long time.
I took my flat-screen telly out and brought it into the livin' room. But why would I be sleepin' in here, laughin' but meanin' it too.
Dree's the only gal I truly loved. Ain't no tell which others gals, they weren't meant for me.
I gotta quit lettin' myself get all worked up, y'know what I'm sayin'? Damn mother fuckers, they just can't leave me alone. So there I go, actin' all flip-floppy with 'em.
Happy Father's Day to ever'body bein' a daddy, that man what ain't no father but plays the part, and all them women doin' their best to step in as a daddy.
My mama's fixin' to head on over to my granny's house. Miesha's gonna be comin' on by. We're all set to light up and have us a good ol' time.
I went and put forth the idea 'bout goin' out. But now that it's time for us to get ourselves all dressed up, I've gone and changed my mind. I'm a real piece of work when it comes to makin' up my mind.
I can't stand it when men go on about, "Might be I'll pick ya up one of these days if ya act right." Well how 'bout I act the same way and carry myself? That's all from me, sir.
I reckon it's hard to point the finger at Rachel. I bet her mama talks that way. That cycle needs to be broke somethin' fierce.
Here's what I'm thinkin'. Everybody's been in that same boat.
He's makin' a video with a famous person, it's him and Kirk, and he ain't lyin' to the folks in the community.
Tonight was real excitin'. I did run into somethin' cool, a real neat fella. It's hard to believe but not one of 'em seems to care for girls. Can't make this stuff up. Just shake my head.
That there commercial is real purty good, what with all them couplins singin' off key. The Star song sticks out mighty fine.
For now, don't be hangin' 'round me. If ya mess with me, ya better watch out. Ya might get yourself in a world of trouble if ya fuck with me, even just for a moment.
I jus' appear like this here. Ain't no mistakin', I'll lay a hurt on ya and then be gone, leavin' ya for dead.
It's real aggravatin' when that autotext goes and types the opposite word of what I'm tryna type.
It's that very instant when you're hopin' your buddy would lose 'cause you're longin' to head on home, but they just keep on winnin' every single game.
It was gettin' a mite dull in the midst with them here random tales, but it bounced right back.
Cookout. Now y'all quit sayin' \"my pleasure.\" That's just for Chick-fil-a.
Wow, that's a fine tale. I had to keep on scrollin' to find the start of it. Them ancient Egyptian symbols, like the ankh, were real intriguing.
Dudes'll wanna scrap if they believe you're checkin' out their gal, but holler when you tell 'em she's real ugly. I wasn't lookin'.
Light-skinned gals is thought to be high-maintenance 'cause y'all men wanna do them oral favors instead of makin' love. Now they believe they's the tops.
Hey there! Glad to see ya again! Ain't had the pleasure of chatlin' with ya, but I wanted to go ahead and congratulate you.
I'm just tickled pink for all y'all young fellas what got drafted. I hopes y'all do real good with y'all's careers.
You'd best shut yer trap bout how great Red Coat Tavern is. I've had 'em both an' Red Coat just can't measure up to Cutters.
One time, this here man claimed he seen that there show afore. But what'd ya go an' put in the car then, if y'all know what's fixin' to go down.
I reckon folks would holler if Danny Brown was to show up and do Terrorist Threats together with Ab Soul.
I can't stand that extra so-and-so. Make the necessary adjustments and let's get this show on the road. Quit askin' all them irrelevant questions.
Ain't no disrespect intended, but ev'rybody's bigger 'n you. You best let 'em know you ain't no pushover.
It's kindly to know that the cause I were hungry yesterday was 'cause of a shortage of shawarma humor, ya'll laugh about it.
Whoever's makin' my bowl, they best put the right amount of meat on it, no extra charges. I'm dead serious 'bout mah food.
Oh dear, you're actin' like a fool, you best be headin' to school. I miss my little one though, it's been a spell since I've seen 'em.
Ain't they cuttin' it close sellin' these here chicken an' waffles chips? Weren't that the last flavor what won them that there contest?
They's discussin' 'bout makin' thirty grand a month, but you never signed up, and eight months down the line, they're still in the same ol' fix they've been in. Strapped for cash.
I do wish I knew somebody that had a pickup truck. Ain't tryna spend two hundred bucks on a U-Haul truck neither.
Let me tell ya 'bout this mornin'. I was headin' to the john to take a leak, and my hat dropped in the toilet. I'm madder 'n a wet hen 'bout it. In more ways than one.
I've been hearin' 'bout them get-rich-quick schemes since I were eighteen year old. Ain't none of the fellas close to me turned into no "billionaires" yet.
At times, it can be real easy for somebody's mean words or thoughts 'bout you to make you all riled up or peeved.
Course, it's 'bout ratings an' moneymakin'. Gotta play seven games to sell tickets an' make money on them commercials.
Cleanser and Benzoyl Peroxide: I ain't here, and forgot my things. My skin's mighty mad at me now.
This here panel ain't got no jokes: no tricks, no squabbles. But Chuck, Kenny, and Shaq is carryin' on like the Three Stooges.
Ain't you got somethin' about it makin' you look like a raccoon when you're all done? I mean, that's what I'm goin' through here. I'm just laughin'.
I reckon I gotta make me some breakfast, but I've been slackin' this past week. I'll git back at it next week.
Don't be tryin' to count up how many new pals you can make. Instead, focus on countin' how many old ones you can still keep around.
I carry my charger around ev'rywhere. The school, the libray, the beach, the mall, the park, the church, the hospital. You just nebber know where y'all find a socket.
Don't be judgin' me, but I can't stand them low-class broads. That kinda behavior ain't classy, why would ya wanna act ratchet? Let me know if ya get what I mean.
I get to where I'm goin', and these gals is all riled up 'cause I ain't interested in bein' in a relationship with 'em. You go do somethin' better with your time, gal.
Yessiree, I did give that sack of mine back on a Tuesday... But now I reckon I'm gettin' a touch of a cold.
I reckon I'm fixin' to black out on my couch... But afore I do, can I git out what I wanna say, Twitter.
The downside of me havin' this here complexion is, I gets mighty perplexed when Black Twitter speaks ill 'bout fair-skinned gals... Ain't I lumped in with them?
Alrighty then. I'm plum tuckered out by all them Kendrick Lamar memes, man. Can't none of 'em be drownin' my newsfeed or Instagram like it's the rapesloth or Drake doin' the walkaway.
I'm laughin' mah booty off. Ain't no need for you to be judgin' me, man. I jus' like to engage with my animal crackers before they hit the big time... or meet their maker.
Bow Wow, you can't go back to courtin' Ciara 'cause she's datin' Fifty Cent. He's got memories of her waitin' on you to come try and date her again.
Juicy J got me tossin' cash at them dancers this mornin', all through his game on his website.
I reckon the rap game'd be different if Biggie Smalls and Tupac was still around.
A black fella'd rather hang out with the tramp than be with the gal who kept 'im in line. I don't understand it neither.
Tell her starved up self she ain't gonna watch the game. She jus' wanna eat, not hang out with me.
I'm always hungry. Afore I even hit the hay.
Some folks is askin' queries and answerin' 'em to re-post for their social media peeps. I reckon that's what's goin' on.
Havin' yer behind gnawed on is somethin' real nasty. I reckon I could neva look at him the same way agin. Sit yerself down under the bed, honey.
"If somebody ain't got nothin' for me, they ain't hatin'. They might jus' not care for me."
Folks say all sorts of things 'bout me, but it don't rattle me none. That's just 'cause I really do know what's goin' on.
Traci, honey, don't go bringin' no \"he said, she said\" nonsense to a man on the first date.
"Sittin' here waitin' on the phone for two whole days, dang it! But I reckon they ain't gonna call, and I'm just laughin' about it."
Now how 'bout that, this here woman got herself all riled up, but it was her who was deceivin' my boyfriend, ain't that something? I told her, can you believe this here woman?
I sure do wish they'd construct some fresh dorm rooms for the scholars at A&M University. The rooms at a Motel6 beats those dorm rooms, I reckon.
I can't hardly wait to take off them daycare costs on mah tax papers! Lawd have mercy, them little ones is makin' me near bankrupt!
My iPhone 5 ain't lookin' so good no more. Guess that's another good reason for me to be gettin' that new one, when it comes out this here fall.
That there black fella got too much hype as a quarterback. An' them other black folks outplayed him in practice. He played football in high school, though. He oughta be alright.
At the barber shop, fixin' to get this here cut. Lawd have mercy on me, this place is open 24-hours. Hee-haw!
Somebody on Facebook asked what a good hotel to stay at in Vegas was, and somebody answered 'Circus Circus'. I'm just about rollin' on the floor laughin', that's about the worst on the strip you can get.
Wow, some fellas sure can be unpleasin'. Disloyalty, I don't think words could truly capture what they do. And then they're wonderin' why nobody likes 'em... Just so darn sad and pathetic.
My nex' project is creepin' up close... Near 'bout there... Second drip fer the year... Made every bit by
The writer needs a ride and bus tickets. Please help out.
To see if your breath is puttin' off a smell, lick the back of your hand and wait 5 minutes. If your nose hairs start to melt, then your breath stinks. Just so you know, that's supposed to be funny.
Someone told me that pussy tastes like chicken. Now, I reckon one day I'ma find out what the hell chicken tastes like, that's a laugh.
Well, I did see you and him, walkin' in the rain y'all were. You had a hold of each other's hands, and I do believe I'll never see the same sight again. Ha! I was laughin' my head off.
I's mighty pleased as punch to be done with work. I figured Darryl had skedaddled, didn't want no part of a ruckus today. I do believe I hanker for a touch.
We got us ten fingers. The index finger is for pointin', the ring finger's for weddings, the thumb's for showin' approval, the pinkie's for pinkie swears, and the middle finger's for tellin' folks off.
I sure do appreciate you folks knowin' me and joinin' my gang. Y'all are the true heroes.
I jus' got all confused 'bout sumpthin'. Folks don't even say Grace no more. They jus' take a picter of the grub, den they upload it to Insta-gram and Face-book. No, that's real funny.
I reckon I might hanker after me a touch screen flip phone. Or a touch screen pager from Skytel. I'm just about rollin' on the floor laughin'.
Dang, I reckon I musta slept funny 'cause when I woke up, all three of my arms were stiff as a board! I'm just sittin' here laughin' out loud!
Why you hollerin' so loud? I ain't even done nothin', and you call me a mean ol' jerk. That's all right with me, I'll take it on the chin this time. But hey, could ya do me a favor? Call me a mean ol' jerk-o instead.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Ben. Ben who? Ben Dover here, and I'm fixin' to show ya! Hee-haw, laughin' like a hick at that!
He jus' texted me this here: "Baby, you might be sleepin' but I was jus' thinkin' 'bout you. I loves ya, boo."
It's real late and I can't sleep. That's 'cause I'm fixin' to get a call from some fella. I'm just settin' here waitin'.
I ain't all big-headed, I'm just feelin' real good about myself. So when you go tellin' me I'm the top dog, that's just somethin' nice you're sayin'.
First thing a person says in a relationship down South, "Babe, us, no matter what!" Three months later they're packin' up and leavin' after just one arguement. What the hell, honey.
I'm still singlen 'cause I'm an ugly one. You ain't got no idea what it's like since you ain't as ugly as me.
Someone told me that so-and-so thinks he's the best in every way. I said I knew they'd let him believe that.
I blows up on my own, you better believe that. Ain't nobody gotta sneak around my back; I does it myself. "Well, I's still the same."
If y'all got yourselves some harlots, why do y'all need me? But if y'all got me, then why do y'all need them harlots?
Poor women ain't never gonna go nowhere tryin' to argue with me 'bout some man. You better catch yore life 'fore it falls out the window.
Hey Justin, I got somethin' to tell ya. I done told ya before, but I jus' wanna make it clear: I lak yer mu-sic, Justin. I'm a right big fan of yours, an' I listen to yer mu-sic every day when I get up.
Crichton Group is still expandin'. I'm aimin' to hire another account manager for my benefits team. If you're intersted, please give me a call.
I seen two dead roaches layin' on the floor when I was bringin' back that equipment. Keep up the good work.
Jus' finished work an' Ah'm 'bout to whoop it up. Feels real good to be a workin' man once more. Give me a holler if y'all got my number.
I've been usin' their browser app for quite a while now, together with a real good torrent program. The world's all mine, any place, any time.
That fella sayin' abstinence is good don't know what in tarnation he's goin' on about. Ain't good neither for the mind nor the body.
I sure do like her, but she's just the way she is, and I'm still just a man. I'm gonna give it a try with her.
But he got one more shot at throwin' that jacket at me, and I'm gonna whup his butt.
Why in tarnation they puttin' on them buttons as an alternative to zippers on these here jeans of that particular model? I gots to go take a whiz and it makes it a whole lot more difficult, you ask me.
I'm the sole one amongst my pals who's got cable right now. They ain't gonna make use of me.
Folks say, "Sweetheart, I'd give ya the moon if I could." And then she asks, "Hand me yer phone." Then he says, "Hold on now, uh..."
Writer's a photographer an' needs models? Lemme know!
I give myself a good ol' pat on the back each time I drive by a state trooper and I'm keepin' it at the speed limit.
Change is somethin', now how that change happens, that'll be determined by lookin' back.
I needs me a stylist in Atlanta what specializes in natur'l hair, to tend to my dreads. If y'all got any recommendations, please do let me know...many thanks.
I did go ahead and write you back. I reckon you must've dozed off on me! How in the world was I supposed to know you'd be tweetin' 'bout me? Hee hee.
Ev'rybody, take a look at my li'l cousin, C Watt's, mixtape (y'all thought wrong). This here young unsigned black man is a beast on the rap scene.
Folks act real purty mad at me when they say some nonsense and I go on and talk about it, but they get all huffy about it.
The younguns is eatin', so I's settin' out here tryin' to persuade 'em ev'rythang gon' be just fine as long as we're all together as a team.
Well, the younguns are fixin' to hit the sack, and I'm near 'bout finishin' up this here supper of sausage gravy and rice, then I'll be securin' up the old homestead for some shut-eye.
And I'm still watchin', mighty impressed with his change from all 'bout him to daddy, and his bond with his missus.
Please have sex. He's at sombody's, come out from the wrinkles and was actin' real curious. Askin' twenty-one questions for your address. Laughin' my goddamn ass off.
I waked up this mornin' feelin' high 'cause I took me some of that there molly.
Let me run my behind on over to Checkers, then head back home. I'm tuckered out.\" Pass me a Big Buford.
I jus' finished off a whole steak an' cheese, seasoned with plenty of salt an' pepper, thick cut fries on the side, an' the most delicious fruit punch I ever did taste... I'm all set now.
Man, dang you. I reckon I won't be sayin' nothin' to you no more. I swear on my mama. Hell, I don't even give a hoot anymore.
Man, I just can't take this no more. Tryin' to love somethin' that don't give a hoot 'bout you, don't care for you back, and is just playin' around with ya. Man, I'm just kickin' the damn rocks now.
If you can't trust me, man, what's the point in all this, brother? Damn it, dog, that's the truth.
Man, I just don't get her none at all. It's like some kind of nonsense, I mean what the hell is this stuff? It really makes me mad, man.
When that there roller coaster flipped over and I was all hung upside down, my buddy was just laughin'.
On the first day of school, I'm fixin' to have a smoke. Then, I aim to be pals with my teachers so I can git me some good grades.
I'm still havin' a hard time gettin' used to this here life proof case. Gotta press them buttons real good for 'em to work.
Waffle Tacos is a sign that us, the human folk, is progressin'. We gotta be sharin' waffle tacos with the whole universe.
Mogs ain't on Twitter 'til around 8. Damn lazy. I be up and doin' work afore I even gets to work. Who the heck am I?
My buddy, if you make it to the altar and you're still hankerin' after somebody else, you're tellin' lies and actin' like a tramp.
Whitley might be one of the factors I ain't much fond of light-skinned gals. Dwayne was below her before he lit out for Japan and hit it big.
Hey, y'all got them boys still hangin' 'round here acceptin' them poorly made half-breed girls with red or brown coloring 'cause they got good hair.
I was just thinkin' 'bout how my lit'l brothas don't have a clue 'bout poppin' that cassette out, flippin' it, windin' it back up, just to rewind it again.
In other news, if I've been fixin' myself up and nobody seems to notice, I'm gonna feel like I don't matter much.
My one and only heart's desire is causin' some mischief tonight, it seems. Now y'all black men, you're the ones my mama and daddy warned me to steer clear of. Ha-ha!
Is a woman callin' herself a "hoe" if she can't recollect the name of every fella she ever did the deed with?
So many big gals with their natural hairs only crave to hear the "Your hair's purty" compliment.
I needs me a helpah to take my truck on over to Indiana. Fills it up with gas, and gets it cleaned up real good at Kleen.
I aim to get to your doin', but my calendar's plum full these days. You gonna be there on time or what?
It prob'ly weren't the smartest move to be sippin' on that there iced coffee 'bout two in the mornin'. Ain't like I don't know what a dose of caffeine does to me.
It's way too early in the mornin' for your redneck behaviors to come out at a place sellin' Flamin' Hots, buddy.
To all them senior fellas headin' out to their old neighborhood helpin' the newbies move in... I's just cracking up.
I reallly can't stand y'all gals actin' like you're somethin' special 'cause you always go shoppin' at Forever 21... I'm just laughin'.
Well, that's good. I went right on back to it. Last month I done a naked jumpin' jack and felt somethin'.
You're plumb crazy bravin' that car wash way out yonder in the west, an' you ain't packin' no six-shooter or nothin' on ya.
I reckon she might have a hard time losin' that baby weight. It still looks good and plump, just not her old size.
Ain't headphones goin' outta fashion these days? Folks jus' play their tunes on their cell phones usin' the speaker, actin' like that's how it's supposed to be done.
That there girl got herself some troubles in life. But she can't just go on usin' her past as an excuse. She gotta quit actin' like there's a wolf every time she cries "wolf!"
It ain't just about dunkin'. They're just doin' things I physically can't do. Runnin' a 40-yard dash in five seconds ain't no fun to watch.
Kids can play hoops and git the same ole injuries. It's jus' how I prefer to watch hoops with faster paces an' better ballers.
The gals in this here neighborhood are real tricksters. What they truly intends to say is, "By golly, we'd sure look purty in that there outfit, not that other gal."
I reckon I understand why some black folk lose hope and learn to work the system just to make it by. It ain't hard.
Right smack dab in the middle of Illinois, and Mogs ain't got no TV or nothin', just the Internets to keep him company, that's what's causin' all this laughter. Ha! Ha! Ha!
It's real uncertain that Stern, in his late years, is gonna let Spurs against Pacers in the finals. He ain't gonna sanction WNBA audience figures bein' brought up.
We all took a dive into the Pool of Designers... Once you climb back out,you ain't the same person no more.
In elementary school, they thought dinosaurs were like cars. Folks can sure be fooled sometimes.
What's gonna make the black fellas move out to the suburbs and the whites take back the city?
I reckon that's right! Go on an' get them other jobs if you ain't pleased with the pay you're receivin'.
What's all the fuss about makin' folks take responsibility for their own successes? I'm sayin' this as a black man in America.
You ain't reached your peak until a lesbian is ponderin' askin' you to be the daddy what helps 'em and their partner make a baby.
There's a gal reachin' six foot two, workin' close by where I do. Every time she passes me by, I take care not to let my guard down.
Regardin' how it stands, dang it, that's my fella. If I wanna screw him on an airplane 3,000 feet up in the damn air, I'm gonna do it.
I reckon I might not show up; I got a heap of homework to finish. School's what's important to me this year and the next, so I can get me a diploma.
My cell phone slipped outta my pocket and plopped right into the john... At least half my heart's dead now.
All them gals in this here place truly think they're filchin'. Gal, your womanly parts is the only thing these black folks is havin' sex with.
"If you can't keep your hairline in check, I reckon you can't manage a man of yours neither." I'm near about bustin' a gut from laughin'.
Y'all better love me. I knows I care 'bout y'all's best interests in ever' situation! Y'all knows that, don't ya? I loves ya 100 times ovah! I knows.
Ain't there just a ton of other gals to go out with? Why'd you pick me? Him: Never met no human bein' quite like you.
I wanna me some cookies, but I can't have none of that milk 'cause I'm all lactose intolerant and that just takes all the fun outta it.
His hair's all tangled up, but him thinkin' he can have me? Nah, that ain't gonna happen.
I'm hungry and I go and eat somethin' stupid like a cupcake, and then I ruin my whole appetite.
Every time I reckon 'bout him, I reckon 'bout all that bullshit, an' den I think, never mind.
My buddy's a real poor levee, and she don't even realize it! But who are you tryin' to throw shade at? NotMe! It's that other fella named Tarnetta.
I'm back to yankee-doodle talk on Twitter. Ain't got much time for social media. Been workin' my tail off every day.
I don't know why Kendrick put that black fella, sorry 'bout that, Meek Mill in the rappers. He named the bra but can't rap it right. Continued...
"Act right" - who the heck comes up with that stuff? Those folks is nuts. Don't go messin' with my West Coast music, you all just ain't got it.
At least I'm content knowin' I'm always more laid-back than everybody else! I'm laughin' my head off, kinda jokin' but not really.
I really dig it when you make stuff up on the spot, if that's what ya call it. In my choir, that's what we call it. But it's gospel, so it might be different.
Lookin' for a real good spot in Baltimore, where I can do some karaoke or DJ music that attracts an older crowd (50 & up). If you wanna get in touch with Reggie Kelly about this, his number is 410-645-049.
I'm searchin' for a place that caters to an older crowd. Folks aged 45-50 and above. They play R&B, OLDIES, JAZZ, SOUTHERN SOUL/BLUES. No Hip-Hop! You can reach 'em at (410) 645-0495.
I thought I done hung up the phone when I went into the store to git me somethin' to eat. But when I checked again, Ramone was still on the blasted phone. Well, I'll be!
